place is dirty and food is highly unsatisfying . staff was rude and obnoxious .
i have added two start due to the fact the manager messaged me about my visit . thank you
great chicken lo mein , i wasn't a fan of the fried wonton .
always have good deals . staff is always friendly . especially steven . coolest guy around !
great seats , beautiful theater , great prices ( when you go to he matinees ) . i highly recommend .
waited num mins to get food . place was dirty bathroom was dirty . come on you guys can do better .
food is average and not too expensive , service is fast . clean restaurant .
i feel badly for posting a negative review . i am unable to delete it so i'm resubmitting it .
not too shabby for a sandwich spot . fresh ingredients and good service earn a decent score .
great pizza nice crust not greasy and tasted amazing . will stop by again when ever in town .
best place to get pad thai in madison . the lumpia are also great . delivery is always speedy .
hired one more server but service is not amazing . just a heads up
had the carnitas tacos . so delicious . also had the paloma and it was nice . recommend this place !
hosted my wedding brunch here ! ! the staff , food and room was amazing ! ! !
beer ! free parking ! great place to have some good brew . great bar food .
weird old dudes writing craigslist missed connections constantly , unorganized and overall garbage .
best buffet i have been to in a long time . crab legs were meaty and everything tastes great !
go
sat in a cold room for about an hour in the emergency room and they didn't seem that busy .
what can i say ? we mark honey hut's opening day on our calendars . we like all of their flavors .
great local spot to meet new people and have some drinks !
catfish po boy is bomb dot com
doesn't matter how many times you take a trek to las , this is a must-see every . single . time .
lost part of my snakebites and they had just what i needed . super happy i found this place .
great food , but the whole place needs an update . loved the staff though !
love it here so much fun nice karaoke place in town would definitely come back again .
good food and really enjoyed the atmosphere . great place to go to with a large group of friends .
decent mexican food for this type of joint . super nachos are great . staff is nice .
delicious ! so accommodating of different food allergies . fried artichokes were so good !
a true hideaway joint with exceptional attention to detail and flavor !
try the green chili ... it was really good .
ever wondered what pizza hut would taste like if it wasn't a chain ? well , this is it . meh .
an irish pub that plays club music . interesting . fun enough !
good for quick airport food . we had the burrito . nice size portions . salsas were good .
a pretty solid izakaya ! tsuki don is affordable and good . pictured menu , to make ordering easier .
food is decent . i just didn't love my experience here on a sunday . maybe i'm too old .
great coffee at cheap prices . nice to support local businesses and great staff working
for all your computer needs . prices are better than tiger direct and online newegg .
wow . the food was amazing . this was one of the best meals we have ever eaten , period !
really great bfast and beautiful setting . great for kids .
the best mexican food in las vegas . wow
great place , friendly staff , good prices . overall great businnes ! defiantly my go to spot .
their lunch special is at a good price including soup and salad , but average taste .
this place has alot of future ahead . good beers to drink and cheep growlers .
dirty and very loud rooms , broken a / c , construction is a mess .
very friendly owner . good food , clean place and big portion ( we ordered the mixed plate for 2 )
the food is good here . anita is a very nice and attentive server . i would come back forsure .
i don't understand how a restaurant like this can be cash only ? ! ? ! get with the times you nerds
mushroom poutine was great . breakfast tofu sandwich a little bland . would def go back
great for quick sandwiches on the go or before a game . smoke in hotel really kills it for me .
good food , pleasant service.really liked the sausage gravy .
gotta get - indian fry bread , turkey legs and bbq sandwich
great spot to eat , drink , or just hang out . food is great and the drinks are just as good .
bad service i've ever seen . the manage and cashier are stupid . they threat customer like shit .
very disappointing . so many better buffets than this . even their california roll sucked .
i'd be lying if i say i didnt like this place . food was great the soda machine was even better
horrible service , wish i could give zero stars incompetent staff avoid this place like the plague
mad greenie juice was awesome ! ! ! natural sodas . locally sourced produce . pretty great salads .
just because i was in the area and i saw the show , worst experience and crap food .
our server miranda was so awesome ! ! ! will definitely be back and ask to be sat in her section .
bleh ... bland as all hell ... even being super cheap was still a waste of $
love the service here and the food is great . we always come here for family birthdays .
great little place , and the prices are good for your portions . would definitely return
hummmmmm que hummmmmm
kind of weird how there are 3 reviews that say not recommended even though 2 are good reviews .
cleanest and best fry's in the east valley , i wish the rest of them would upgrade to this level .
very nice for the price , very convienent location on the strip and the front desk very tentative ! ! !
excellent place to eat , almost as good as joe's barbeque
the best and fastest care i have ever received . everyone was courteous , efficient and friendly .
best mall in mississauga . everything you need is in this place and every year it is getting better .
great waiter , great service , excellent food ! our taste buds were rewarded with great flavor !
this place was terrible it was dirty and the food was not fresh . golden corral is num bettee
another amazing experience here ! great coffee , killer brownies and fabulous ricotta cookies !
i always enjoy crave . great atmosphere and food and drinks ! jessica and jessie are amazing ! ! !
loved the chilly chicken kothu ! def recommend . they ordered for my friends num bday .
had the mega meat pizza ... it was pretty good . usually take my kids here as it has a play area .
simply the best bagels anywhere . nothing comes close to a fresh bialy's bagel .
se como rico y barato . no perderse los postres !
eric is the best tattooer in the whole world i love my tattoo more than anything in the whole world
best pad thai in the city .. great service , kind of loud and gets really busy but is worth the wait .
yay to shannon ! my skin glows after she gives me a relaxing facial treatment time and time again .
love my starbucks , but it sucks sitting outside , to many pan handlers .
excellent japanese style cake , not too sweet . have to come early if you want more selection .
friendly , fast service , reasonable price and taste good :) ( i ordered green dragon and pink lady )
i have an unhealthy addiction to the glazed and crumb donuts here . i definitely recommend .
worst slowest service of my life , wasted an hour here . overpriced too . not gonna be coming back .
my wife got me the smothered burrito from hell last night . gross , thanks for the diarea
delicious ! ! ! got the special and it was sooo good ! first burgers and now pizza . you guys rock !
very wonderful service and atmosphere . this store has no smelly odours compared to other salons .
fantastic plus . like home cooked food but coming from a restaurant . a hidden gem in this area .
service was good fast and just like i like it and those who've read me know i like my cheese stakes
great restaurant . good food , good staff , relaxed environment , lovely menu . we had a great time .
i thought this place was really good , and super friendly service . i had a reuben and loved it .
i love it here so much . i can find everything i need here ! it is better than wal-mart .
wifi is worse than dial up . no plugs if you need to charge anything either . not good .
did refund the extra money they charged after my phone call but the business is not recommendable .
great pastries and friendly service . a great escape from chain coffee shops .
two visits , no issues . quieter than boston pizza , jack astors , good for a decent bite and a beer .
great specials - just know what you're ordering before you get a menu - they're not listed !
pizza huts food takes like crap !
lanie , kerry , eric are the best ! good food also ... ,
nice quick drive-through with good coffee . they're always fast and friendly and earn their tips !
they are very nice . they fixed my car in a few hours . it needed a few minor things fixed .
picked up a pizza and breadsticks tonight . great food , and friendly service . great visit .
love the atmosphere of this cafe . bit pricey , but delicious coffee .
family owned and operated ! friendly , always leave satisfied !
i had the blackened tilapia fish tacos and they were pretty good . staff was friendly .
the men's locker room needs a lot of attention . some machines don't work properly .
great drinks . nice place to sit and people watch lol you get more for your money .
the atmosphere was nice but the beer wasn't spectacular . the coffee beer tasted bitter and burnt .
bartender charged me $ num for a bellini that was just champange ! ! rip off city , don't stop here .
no review but after reading these comments i will in no way be calling this company for anything .
expensive , slow , but good food if you don't mind the wait or check .
i came in with a friend she got the beef pho and i got the chicken and it was so good
great food , great people ... great place ! ! probably the best hawaiian food i've had in vegas !
num time coming here and not busy but service sucks . waiters are very slow and not attentive .
monsey and stella were awesome . they gave my sister and i great hairstyles and were so much fun !
the portions are very generous - there is definitely enough to take home for a second dinner .
bad service , terribly cooked food . so bad . ill never come back even though i love hawaiian food .
at previous concerns were noted , it did break as anticipated .
the staff is very efficient and friendly
good for late night sushi cravings .
really yummy ! amazing price ! friendly people . i love this place for a quick lunch at a great price
wonderful brunch menu . the eggs are cooked to perfection and the portions are generous .
great service , good prices . i love the smell of leather goods ! !
stopped by yesterday and this corky and lennys location is gone !
great place to grab some chinese grub in far north valley . good service and reliably tasty cuisine .
epic ! barn burger with sweet potato fries cannot be missed ! need larger wine / beer list .
5 stars for sean ! he is great eye candy when i shop here .
last stop as i was leaving las vegas . mcdonalds is pretty much the same everywhere .
service is slow , and the bloody mary that i love to have before a flight was way disappointing .
it was good . simple as that . extremely friendly service and tasty beers . try it . you're welcome .
indian food . good buffet option for lunch for both veg and non veg .
the place is small and kind of dirty . the staff is rude . and there is not much to eat for lunch .
took my wife out for our num anniversary . the sushi was great ! we'll be back .
recently purchased a new truck here . great service from everyone i came into contact with .
the best in town . a great manicure and pedicure at a resonable price .
always got my order right and nice fresh pizza and chicken . also their . rey nice thank you
best polish boy in town this place make sandwiches like my mother . like i've said 5 * from me .
both my chicken strips and salmon were raw . they brought me the wrong burger and fries .
cookie did an amazing job with my nails and shaped my new set exactly how i like them ! ! so happy
meh . mediocre , expensive food and rude staff . if i ever return , it'll be for beers only .
ggreat burgers , cocktails , and ice cream treats . and fun staff . would go back !
friendly and professional staff , i have been a customer for over a year and i can't fault them !
i'd say this place is pretty good . however , some of the food just tastes a little bland .
centre commercial assez aere .
der killesberg , der killesberg , das ist mein paradies das kann ich gut nachvollziehen !
nice views , plenty of tvs , and you can get your beer to go .
great vendor to work with ! always pays there bills on time ! efficient works as always !
delicious tapas , great ambient atmosphere . and awesome music . definitely recommend .
tried the mojito la coco which is a coconut fish curry . amazing . yucca fries were good too .
great food i pigged out , it's a great new place to check out , must go !
good food , good service , good vibe great place to eat at before a night in old town .
this place is like the chipotle of falafel ! super good , going to be coming here a bunch !
great coffee ! sat out on the patio and enjoyed my americano . will definitely be coming back here .
breakfast was amazing . great menu , prices not too crazy and service impecable . get the crepes !
ccw training was awesome ! sarge , stephanie and lisa were great !
love the burgers and drink selections here , wish it was an easier dining experience though .
loved the mexican pizza .
fast , friendly , and nice firewood neatly stacked . won't look anywhere else .
excellent service and an extensive menu . great value in all ways .
the best donut place i have found in scottsdale ! it is similar to shipleys in the south !
even after going around montreal , it's still the best smoked meat i've had
terrible ! they charge $ num for one piece does not worth it . also their service is terrible .
very nice place with good help . wish they had a little more bondage gear though .
one of the best jap restaurant in summerlin , look for allen very nice and good chef .
really cool lounge / bar / diner-type of place .
the newer location has less of a wait and fewer tourists .
good iced coffee friendly staff and its far less expensive than timothies across the street .
very good food . i alway appreciate hot ( temp ) food . ours was . garlic bread melts in your mouth .
wonderful staff ... i highly recommend jay piercefield and dr tripp . they are great with kids !
best tacos in az ! ! ! you won't find better carne asada . don't forget the chino bean quesadilla !
bunch of pretty wanna bees run this place . food is so so .
quaint little place !
place has some very nice prices of food there ! meat there is very fresh most of the time !
worst car detail ever . barely vacuumed any of the interior and still had dirt on the exterior .
best new food place in boulder city in over num years and the brisket is amazing .
smiths has great customer service , the smiles seem genuine and there always willing to help
very professional and informing . quality of product and workman ship are great as well !
best chinese food in mcmurray . the shusi is not bad either
try the truffle sauce and mushroom combo
the casino should be made smoke free and safer for innocent non smokers . it has affected kids too
great cocktails , awesome ambiance , nice dark speakeasy feel .
love the jerk chicken ! ambiance gets a c - , but the food gets an a !
staff here is awesome . playful nice group of guys working ! definitely eat here . clean and fresh !
located in an open area within a small mall . went to dim sum and it was just average .
island chicken sandwich was huge ! ! ! house side salad was delicious !
love the pretzel and the view ! they need better side choices especially for the kids !
by far the best cake in gta , pricy but worth it
great fish and chips . its located upstairs in the shops between mandalay bay and luxor .
coole mitarbeiter
dirty chai is so good iced with a splash of cream and an extra shot . busy place in the mornings .
great food , not ideal to watch a basketball game .
best num in phoenix poached egg , feta , parmesan cheeses with spinach , tomato & basil ... yummy
always the best place to go to when in vegas ! the food is always phenomenal ! soooo goood ! ! !
jeff ( the manager ) was awesome ! ! !
what's not to like ? the poke here is amazing , as are the staff . crave this on a weekly basis !
amazing food but hit or miss , bad location in the shops at palazzo .
orange italian ice + vanilla custard = orange creamsicle gelati goodness . mmmmmmmmmm soooo good
always great service . ron and suzzane are great . the food and coffee is always nice and hot .
friendly staff , good sushi and surprised us with various on the house items .
first time in vegas , hotel was great , got a good view , would definately come back again !
the lobster soup is amazing ! ! ! the scallops were also perfect . great place for a work lunch ! ! !
alles gut ! kennst du einen obi kennst du alle ;) ich hatte noch nie schlechte erfahrungen
earl of sandwiches this place is really good . blt and the earl , yummy . defiantly eat here agin .
you will not find a more caring , dedicated owner than scott . he is an excellent teacher .
great men's salon ! i love the haircut !
melt in your mouth delicious . there are always coupons available you just need to find them
definitely recommending this nail salon ! love how tony did my nails !
so they have updated the patio seating which is nice ! i'll miss the multicolor though
good lunch combos . nice sushi rolls and i love the vegetable tempura and gyoza .
sushi was fantastic , service is even better , great atmosphere all around good experience
fast and friendly service consistently at this one ! good ol ' rocky's unique pizza always good .
great music , great burgers . had the rail with cheese and bacon . definitely good choice .
excellent . geoff does the best blonde i've ever had .
what i got : a little bit of black drip coffee in a cup . ptn ils ont aucun respect
great old scottsdale location , has a little bit of everything you need
the best house wine selection and hummus and chicken ever !
amazing affordable wholesome food ! we loved the grilled steak skewers and prosciutto crostini . yum !
this place sucks ! there are way too many good sushi spots to even bother wasting your time here
great place to have breakfast real good service and awesome food ! ! u won't be disappointed ! !
yes pls .. love the location .. half way between home and vegas ! !
came here for the fall festival ... nice ball park and enjoyed the festival !
i highly recommend .
it was my first time there , and their yogurt was amazing . great substitute for ice cream .
great barnes and noble location , and they have plenty of books that'll help you pass the time .
antonio was was a great help in regards to getting our phone fixed . ask for him he'll do you right
great place to have dry cleaning done . fast service , easy drop off and pick up , friendly staff .
food is always good & hot . delivery is punctual . . i rarely order from any other chinese place .
wished i lived closer so i could grab some lavender coffee more frequently ! amazing food !
arrogant staff ! not at all accommodating and rude to customers . and not friendly for large groups
it's really like an upscale chipotle , with a larger menu . the queso is absolutely amazing !
best movie experience so far , i appreciate no interruptions and respectfull audiences .
chicken shawerma pita was amazing ! ! ! i would like to try others before j start recommending them
hidden fees and staff isn't really that nice . they generally have a lot of attitude
got my mittens ! nice workers again and warmer fingers !
avoid like the plague . she does not have your best interests in mind .
the chicago pizza was decent but the sauce is pretty bland . looking for something with more flavor !
awesome happy hour until num num weekdays . great food .
just picked up a to go order , the dagwood and the artichoke with mushrooms . really good !
i love coming to this bar . friendly bartenders and a beautiful view .
the butter pecan and salted caramel topping is incredible . gotta check this place out when in town .
nice and cozy place for sushi , prices very reasonable , satisfied my num year old picky eater .
i like the food . if you want to eat and watch a game go to cold beer and cheeseburger .
bomb omlettes and of course the pancakes are stellar ! great service and fast to the table
always very busy , even on the weekdays , but they are fast and do good work .
good tex mex . great margaritas .
small restaurant . the service was bad an slow . the server totally forgot about my hot tea .
really great thai in a funky downstairs spot . larb salad was top notch .
yup dr steve is good . second visit defiantly moved me a little more . see ya next time in town !
the vegetarian menu is amazing ! ! it's not cheap but it's great for special occasions .
they don't take apple pay . google maps lied to me ! !
great place perfect location but the $ $ $ kinda high when its not busy ... but clean and new
love this place we stop in every time we are in container park . great prices and amazing toppings .
great ambiance , the service was a little slow but the food was delish
shady place .. lost my luggage here .. only go at your own risk .
terrible , awful sandwiches . seriously gross . the pizza looks tasty ( but looks can be deceiving ) .
employees are the rudest people i have ever met .
terrible service . the host staff seem to really not even want to be there .
awesome snacks , sweets and cheap eats.only issue is be prepared for long line all the time
delicious food and gracious , helpful service . lovely place for a date or a meal with friends !
terrible service . had to walk out because no one came to take my order after the hostess seated me .
nice relaxing environment . super friendly staff . good food . trifecta .
we loved the appetizers and our server was wonderful . surprisingly fabulous for a chain restaurant !
never eat here . they got my order wrong and put some spicy sauce on my taco that made me throw up .
deff try the egg whites , so good with the tomatos
we went back at the end of september . food was as good as always .
great service great food . love this chain and i normally don't like chains .
their philly cheesesteak is always my favorite no matter what city i may be in . dig it !
amazing restaurant ! great food , great service . great ambiance ! nick , our server , was the best !
excellent service ! highly recommended ! clean and friendly environment . we took our teenage girls .
this place is amazing it was super cool , cheep , and all my kids had fun ! ! ! i totally recommend it .
what a fun restaurant with awesome greek and american food ! i definitely recommend this place .
great place by the arena . we had the pittsburgh mac and the arugula salad . both were great .
this place is good every time . just wish they had more peppers , it's usually always carrots hahaha .
food was ight but workers gave a good vibe num
great coffee spot the vanilla bean latte and the snicker doodle cookie was delicious .
first time trying a poki bowl and will definitely be coming back . staff was very helpful .
this place is okay . giovanni the bike doctor is pretty hot .
great customer service , owner gary is so nice ! he brought us free drinks !
butter burgers are good and i love the french fries .
amazing work reese was great went the extra distance to make the tattoo look good . thank you .
way better places to grab a beer in town . their beer is subpar , at best .
first time here and it was fantastic ! ! i loved the ruben ! plus they have rc cola on tap ! !
yum amazing was in love at first bite staff is awesome and made me feel right at home !
sushi friday's spent here , very fresh tasty fish and a wide variety . chefs are great , always yummy .
der beste friseur bei dem ich bisher gewesen bin ! klasse laden
great store , jaime m . was helpful great personality . definitely a store to visit again .
my alfredo sauce tasted like it came out of a can . the food was mediocre and nothing special .
delicious . excellent service . we will be back .
exactly what a brewery should be , awesome beer , awesome vibe .
perfect spot for a quick sandwich . delightful owners , delicious schnitzel . simple , good food .
love the banh mi here ... i did hear that they got rid of them ... that would be a bummer
great ramen place i ate . very friendly servers , great atmosphere . very traditional ramen .
delicious ! filling , relatively healthy , and worth the price .
gorgeous face painting designs , always a line of happy kids ! she does amazing work !
heater didn't work , but too lazy to complain .
solid food and really nice people , if it was not so far away from my house i'd go more often
nom nom this place is yummie . loved the food and very nice , well kept place . mmmmmm
came here for their pop-up brunch . food was absolute perfection but service was a tad slow .
unbelievable meal and service ! ! i can't wait to go back--from beginning to end , just amazing !
great customer service . ed fixed my iphone num very quickly and took great care .
best boba ever . very friendly employees . fun atmosphere . the specials are great too . free wifi ! ! !
the coffee is good , the internet is reliable and the staff is friendly and efficient .
when elvis and i win the lotto / jackpot , we'll have a shopping spree here . dream on !
crappy club ... but an amazing restaurant ! great happy hours for food and drinks ! recommended !
bryan is awesome ! he's done 2 of my tattoos and i'm really happy , i wouldn't go anywhere else !
food was great until we spent the next 3 hours on the toilet . when called to complain , got nasty .
so yummmm . had lunch there today . plenty of food for a little over $ 5 ! .. with a regular drink ! :)
while outside it is advertised as a num hour drive thru , i waited num minutes with no service .
this has to be the best seafood place in the state of arizona ! i love the clam chowder bread bowl .
just doesn't get better than viva mercados . best service , great ambiance , and amazing food .
one of the best places for shrimp wonton soup with noodles .. and it's cheap and great food ..
try the salty fish & chicken with egg plant clay pot . stir fry snow pea tips are yummy as well .
best tuesday morning store in the area . clean and organized . great bargains .
the best place to get authentic german food and sausages . lucky to have them . staff is great .
the guys working here seemed very bothered i wanted to purchase a smoothie . very unfriendly ! !
got the jumbo crab cake . plate of of crab , people at the bar were very nice and helpful .
the food is fresh and good , the value is superb and the service , though not flashy , is quick .
my better half can't wait to get back in town to have tava cut his hair ! she does it the best !
their staff are incredible ! and their specialty drinks delicious :o)
alright pizza at an ok price
mac and cheese is da bomb ! ! ! also had their shrimp and grits , which is a favorite of mine ...
great service . total experience . easy to schedule an appointment .
very efficient , kind , and helpful staff . they made the entire process very easy and low stress .
like this place , like the design of the wall , very special , and cappuccino is very good - - -
the best sweets in canada especially samosa . will recommend everyone to go to that place .
i have only three words for this place . yum . yum . and yum .
pricey but the boba and drink isnt bad . nice place with half zebras everywhere .
their employees will try and discourage you from " their " favorites . can we say " ghetto "
love this place ! went twice in 3 days lol ... can't wait to visit again ... hehe . soon .
this place was good probably my num favorite ever . really enjoyed the steak and appetizers
good sandwiches but horrible service . staff of young boys are rude and unprofessional .
poor quality , poor service , poor customer service , misleading sales tactics and poor ethics .
waited an hour only to find out they didn't have crab legs . needless to say , i was pissed .
the turkey club wrap was really good . made fresh
easily the best mechanic i've ever worked with .
had a blast sunday night . table service was great . awesome music .
good deal on happy hour - but service absolutely sucks . finished a drink waiting to order food .
local bar feel to it . good comfort food . especially the mac & cheese .
breakfast is greasy . but , the chicken smoker is solid , if not spectacular , airport food .
good food at a decent price they're garlic fries are the best i ever had in vegas so far .
bestpapersonaltrainercom
terrible lighting . not romantic at all . feels like you are in a food court . dim those lights
great staff , not so much on the location . the parking is a nightmare ! ! !
amazing deff a hidden gem food was phenomenal and great atmosphere . perfect place for lunch .
food is good very innovative dishes , however the service is really slow . please get extra waitress !
a little inconsistent with forgetting items but seems to be getting better !
buzzberry is great because the smoothies actually taste like fruit . it's a cute and quirky place .
sunday is raggae night and it's so fun . it is dead tho before num but the music selection is perfect
love this place ! they sell nice accessories at affordable prices . the quality are not bad too !
this place is packed ! ! ! and wow does this look tasty ! omg delish ! ! !
best onion rings i've had ! the condiments are ridiculously good ! a must try when in vegas !
love their iced mocha . it's not too sweet like other places .
white chocolate bread pudding is deelish and the raspberry cheesecake is unbelievable ! good lawd !
very good food . i'm from chicago , and found this great gem while visiting toronto . thanks yelp !
great stadium ! one of the nicest spring training complexes in az !
awesome new spot in noda ! great food ! love the build your own bowl and burrito options !
la mejor pizza de las vegas para comprobarlo tienes que ir no es un cuento ok good byeeee
such a neat spot . consistently great food ... try the hot wings , gelato , & cheese pizza
great atmosphere . place is really relaxing and food is amazing . very flavorful and different .
clean . close to the freeway . lots of parking . prices aren't bad . easy on / easy off from i - num .
the food is delicious and authentic ! definitely check out the groupon for a sweet deal .
this place is awesome ! i enjoy coming here , it's cheap beer , tasty food !
this place might be the worst car wash i have ever seen . whoever owns this should sell it .
simply put : one of the best bowls of pho you'll get in vegas .
great and attentive staff . wide range of variety at a good price ! yuzu soju is amazing !
what a great place ! ! the staff is so helpful and the products provided are top notch !
how can i simply put this ? ? cugino's is the best deli and pizza place in las vegas ! ! ! that is all .
great beer , good food and an excellent atmosphere . what a craft brewery restaurant should be .
great sweet potato fries and burgers . also has ipa beers .
they really do great work , but boy are they expensive . $ num / hr + can add up really quickly .
by far the best pho i have had here in phoenix . dont judge a book by its cover . its goood
i love enstein's ! i go there almost everyday . the workers are very nice . the food is excellent !
didn't stay at the hotel but they have by far the best casino on the strip .
we went there last night and i ended up getting very sick . the waiter and staff were excellent .
awesome , authentic , italian pizza ! i can't wait until they re-open !
the spicy clam hot pot is incredible ! devoured the whole thing ! definitely coming back !
really friendly service , great food and nice little cozy environment . the zeppoli's are amazing !
the owner rip us off , charges way too much for a body massage . don't go not worth it .
on time with thorough eye exam . i would recommend salt river eye care to others .
best kept secret ! food is always great . price are very reasonable . my family eats here a lot .
great customer service and i highly recommend trying their chicken and waffles . it's huge !
the sushi was good , but i have had better .
awesome pizza . the num is the perfect size . i got the besto pesto chicken pizza . very yummy !
place is bangin ! fusion fries were fire , like life changing . kimchi fried rice was good too
had the hong kong noodles and the kung pao chicken . both were very average . nothing special .
closed ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? no ! ! ! you hilton mofo's better open up a kick-ass replacement !
very solid place , a bit on the expensive side , but the food and service were very very good .
this is my favorite restaurant on earth . the food is always amazing and the service was perfect ! ! !
two days later and most of my nails have chipped or broken off .
i love the location on the river . my favourite menu item is the lasalle special sub . try it !
by far the fish sandwich in pittsburgh . cod on soft . do it .
new owner terrible service the sushi was good . not sure what happened to this place .
hands down my favorite pizza in toronto . it's also the best customer service .
i love the sonora for lunch followed up with a delicious sweet crepe to split for dessert !
a bit overraed but a nice experience . it won't create an addiction but worth to try once
jorge is the best , come and see him and his crew for a excellent carwash ! highly recommended
well i just ordered a steak hoagie for delivery . no lettuce or tomato on it ;( ruined it for me
when you are looking for great greek for middle eastern food , this is the place .
good drinks , nice deals during happy hour , renee was a great bartender . will be going back .
top notch service ! the bacon wrapped filet mignon is on point . best restaurant in las vegas
exelente servicio muy limpio muy rapido en atenderte todo muy bien vigilado recomendadisimo
great place ! ! nice and knowledgeable staff . good prices . i recommend this place with all my heart !
love this place . it's my favorite interview spot . coffee good and eggs and potatoes are great .
come for hotdogs . stay for the shakes ! seriously , try the nutella shake . you'll thank me later .
great appetizers ! excellent service and a great selection of dishes such as battera sushi
not friendly . the food was just okay . overpriced in my opinion . probably won't go back .
good portion , good spice , good flavour , good value ! will definitely be back !
this place is amazing ! ! great subs . new location . yum .
i eat here every time i come to viva . love the carnitas and the barbacoa blew my mind ! !
really great food , attention to detail , and great service . plenty of vegetarian options too !
awesome . she has everything and reasonable prices . very welcoming . all arranged nicely . love it !
two shaded areas , plush grass , clean park , trees . it's a good park in my book .
they moved ! ! ! @ one point the had the best wings ever now this place is ughhh ... the end
the chicken pad thai and spring rolls is delicious .
best south indian food around the phoenix area . i recommend their masala and rava dosas .
this is the best berger king ever . num starsi lobe the food and service here
great pizza and drinks . joel , our server , was tops ! wonderful ambience ! great company !
cheap , quick , excellent haircuts . phil is the man
great service , easy and convenient location . clothes returned just right !
wifi is not free , they charge per day usage .
all the roasts are very good . wine selection ok .
so was the mushroom .
good standard hk style restaurant , large portion at cheap price , comfy sitting , recommend !
everything has been fantastic on several visits , but the cocktails & mozzarella are standouts !
really good ! ! greats flavors and ideas .. personally i get it on a cookie
this place is garbage . super small . no seats unless you get a table and it's well drinks .
great show , great lights and lots of fun ! the staff up front was extremely helpful and friendly !
great beer selection . excellent menu . breezy patio . try the chicharron - huge and crackly .
eggworks staff are awesome ! ! curtis ( server ) and anna ( greeter ) provide excellent service ! !
nice modest hotel . friendly and helpful staff . love the art and colorful paint in the rooms .
huge portions ( plates can be shared by 2 people easily ) . delicious food and good service .
i have been coming to pho bosa for a while now , love their rice dish .
great tzaziki and salad with the shawarma dinner . massive portions a little pricy but good stuff
delicious cup of coffee . very impressed mr . peets . will be returning whenever i can
don't go there wast your time and money .
great vegan food ! i love their caramelized onions - yummmm .
really neat little hole in the wall - literally . great for after the clubs .
cox cable internet never works . they charge you a bunch of money . then they will never help you .
ordered philly and steak was burnt , fries over salted . terrible
rude staff and an even worse prime rib . not coming back
this is a great little place with good food , many vegetarian options and attentive staff .
don't miss it ! !
best sandwiches ever ! ! ! you will love it ...
love this place ! quick , friendly service and good prices . it's fun to eat conveyer belt style !
loved their coffee . brought one home for my honey and he loved it to . worth the trip !
the over all ambiance was great ! a good selection of beer on tap and the food was amazing !
best sandwich shop ever ! huuuge subs . quality is a +
great interactive museum ! we have visited twice since moving from tx . loved the dinosaurs .
had the pork katsu curry ( spice level 3 ) and fried shumai delicious and affordable !
we loved everything we got there the frog legs was good the fish is delicious alligator was great .
wow ... very proffesional , they did an amazing job . very curtious as well great customer service .
the dam itself super impressive
hmm . chef boyardee would be proud , i guess . not quite new york italian-style cuisine . like , at all .
good vietnamese restaurant ... not my favorite type , but wife and daughter love pho .
awesome sushi , cute decor and great service . some of the best sushi thus far in pheonix area .
super convenient and made to order . chili cheese fries were still crispy upon arrival . uber eat
the last time i got scammed this hard my car salesman said " thank you for your business "
the new bbq is fantastic ! ! everything is fresh , and they know how to smoke and sauce good meat !
great atmosphere , wine selection , havent found the perfect meal yet but did enjoy the cheese board .
absolutely worth the long wait and price . the chopped brisket is hands down the best i've ever had .
best pedi ever ! ! ! and shop is spotless ! ! ! i'll never go anywhere else in vegas
the place is closed ! ! ! wild goose chase and a $ num cab ride . thanks yelp , for being up to date !
great meatballs . assorted butters accompanying bread were a plus . recommended : veal chops
great light crusted pizza just like from brooklyn . they use homemade mozarella . unbelievable !
good selection of cheese and helpful staff . repeat : yes .
best thai food place i've had ! ! ! prices are very very reasonable , and the service is great !
best gyros i have found in az ! always fast and friendly service ! love eating here !
hands down the best massage i have ever had ! she is definitely the massage whisperer !
they have a nice selection of uv gel colors here plus designs .
great happy hour times and offerings ! :) yummy fish tacos .
hands down one of the best restaurants i have been to . service was unbelievably great .
first time here for my mom's num birthday . great food great service and everything fresh .
the patio was great fun on a friday night . i met some new friends and ate killer conchinita pibil .
one of the worst manicures i've ever had . sweet people but terrible mani :(
the mac n cheese burger and the chicken and biscuits are incredible !
great place to play tennis on the backside of the school !
it's a good local spot . not the fanciest you'll find . it good fusion food and nice stafd
i don't drink but they are out of every alcohol possible . who don't have red bull ? ! ? !
my number one cheat meal is the nevada burrito . anything i try never fails to impress me !
one of the best pizzas i have ever had in my life . highly recommended . authentic italian pizza .
& the coffee is great , strong & cheaper than anywhere else !
the goat masala lunch combo is really worth trying . it's quite filling and is not very expensive .
i bought a car and the service and experience was great ! ! ! i would definitely recommend them .
really bad . opt for paradise cafe & bakery .
good beer selection , solid food , and skee ball
awesome food . great beer and whiskey selection . good service . what more could you want ? !
yummy , great burgers with the lettuce wraps . they do the best job with the bun free option .
great atmosphere ! wish the outside upper deck were open on a more consistent basis .
desert heaven - great place to satisfy your sweet tooth .
tasted like yesterday's meat . and the cheese tasted moldy . do yourself a favor and look elsewhere .
great place to eat and inexpensive . owner is always really nice and food comes quickly .
good breakfast and dinners too . no frills mom & pop place .
still have a lot to improve , but decent food for the price . the one buffet to go near this area .
great pizza . the staff is friendly and makes you feel right at home . they also deliver
these are real ny bagels . best bagels in western nc . period .
closed down , no real reason why on note on the door .
excellent customer service and rooms . it's also a great deal , couldn't be happier with this place
the sea bass is one of the tastiest meals i've ever had in my life .
kind of pricey for what you get ( quality ) . dolce is still my favourite .
this place is awesome . fresh made pizza and fresh made sauce . family owned and always friendly .
place is small but they have a lot and guys are chill . the deals they give are great . use that num % !
very good food and service . some of the best thai in the area .
great food and great service ! their bread is always fresh . nice to see joanna again !
authentic chinese food in cleveland ! great food and great service . what a pleasant surprise !
i love the ong choy at big wong ! my gf and i typically go there about once a week .
very clean , modern hotel , helpful staff , in a area loaded with many choices of places to eat ...
what purpose is two drive thrus if they can't efficiently maintain one ?
great massage by jose ! relaxing ! if you want a strong hand deep tissue i recommend this place
great food and nice people . love that the pizza is always steaming hot .
best hot n sour soup and hunan chicken in stow for sure .
the hero burger is just ... amazing . pure tasty comfort food and hooked on this .
preiswert mit guter auswahl
this place is amazing ! the portion sizes are . ery generous , and the people are very nice .
cozy little spot . people can play card games and computer games here . drinks are ok .
great food , good brews cant wait to come back and do it all over again , kitchen staff killed it
it was here , i needed money , they had some .
got salmon sashimi here and it was good ! expensive ( which is expected ) but i enjoyed it .
good food and service but alot of food so come hungry
super friendly staff , delicious cocktails and board games . what else could you ask for !
best prices and great employees
nice biryani , tandoori chicken and great atmosphere . wish they were closer to my house !
what a great time at an amazing venue ! great views . great service and super fun game !
been there twice for lunch buffet , it was quite good . specially desert and shrimp fry
this place is hot ! authentic mexican food made with love and you can just taste it ! i love it !
the best falafel and a lot of dips to choice from .. staff are friendly and accomodating ..
this gentleman was prompt , arrived clean and neat , and fixed the problem in a very reasonable time !
excellent , safe place for child care . i would not hesitate to use
. love this starbucks ! green tea out of this world ... been a customer for num years !
great service and quality food . i love the burger or the fish tacos . guac is also good :)
love this place ! everything i get is great . everyone is friendly , helpful and full of fun .
great food and service and the best views anywhere . rob-eye excellent and halibut is perfect
like my other review , i still love the garlic knots . this time trying the calzone .
omg i am in food coma still ! the service is great , the food wonderful and the dessert to die for !
this place reminds me of home ( hawaii ) this is the kind of filipino food im talking about
just average . $ num for a chicken skewer plate and iced tea . nothing to write home about .
wouldn't kill them to turn down the ac and get some better wifi .
perfect 2 hours stage show . great atmosphere , great theater , great music .
really fabulous food ! great service ! very nice ! definitely worth the drive from the east valley !
love this place . amazing service . super friendly . always delicious ! our favorite breakfast joint !
the wife and i have been going here since they first opened . tony and mike make it look easy .
clean with a good choice of stores . quiet .
fantastic guacamole . delicious natos . a little out of the way to get to .
got a good stretch & muscle loosening - felt amazing afterwards . will come back .
order the poutine ! it is fabulous ! we enjoyed the atmosphere for lunch . venetian is gorgeous .
living in vegas i see a lot shows . this show really impressed me , its very high energy and fun .
nice upscale after hours spot .. get ur swerve on ! !
we had spicy pork tacos , really good the sauce was simply amazing , very authentic ! ! ! it is a must
authentic new york style pizza ! totally yummy ! the wings are bomb ! i will go there all the time !
loved this nail salon . first time in , kim took care of me and i love my nails so much ! :)
best ayce sushi i've ever had . anywhere . some of the best sushi i've ever had ala carte and ayce .
terrible cupcakes . avoid this place .
great atmosphere , friendly staff , coffee could use some help ( watery ) , delicious food options !
not thrilled at all ! cole slaw was good . chicken too chewy , in flavor . won't go back !
took num mins and my oil change was done .. thanks jeff and the technicians for your service !
enchiladas were amazing . breathing fire but totally worth it . skinny margarita cools the flame .
best pho ever ! ! ! great service , great prices , great seafood pho . i highly recommend this place .
great new vehicle shopping experience with knowledgeable and friendly staff . great selection too .
it's hit or miss ... when it hits it's great ... when it misses it ain't
amazing ! ! ! the food here is great ! i really enjoyed the beer as well as the great ambiance .
jede fahrt ein erlebnis . kult !
the food was awesome and the portions were perfect . the atmosphere was very cozy and warm .
flexible hours and efficient and thorough service .
took one star off cuz one of my firneds order was mad late
must try the lobster melt ! ! ! amazing ! ! i can not wait to try other things on the menu !
great value and food ! they do a good special on a tuesday ! the service is excellent too .
i my goodness this was the best pizza ive had outside of rome ! ! !
awesome ! ! ! great place off the strip . a little hole in the wall , with a lot to offer ...
warmed up fat-dripping pizzas with a very uncommon seasoning in the meat lovers version ...
i will be back . thank you , barry
this place is boring and the waitresses are really stuck up and rude ! they deserve no tip .
jim came on time as scheduled and did a very professional job .
best mushroom brie soup ever , just like norsdtroms . the food selection is always fresh and amazing
i did the groupon . doesn't worth more than $ num .
had business lunch recently . service was a little slow but food was good . willing to try again .
very nice ! staff was super ! rooms nice , beds clean and comfy !
yum ! good quality ! low price !
this place is poorly ran buy its owner . do not waste your time or money .
abysmal . the ugliest girls and the rudest bouncers .
the best sauce ever ! rib meat scares me , but the sauce mmmmmmmmmmmmm ! ! !
the love boat is my favorite pho in the city . this alone is worth the visit .
i do not gamble but the casino here appears to be pretty nice .
best bakery in brookline , easily . the people are super friendly and are always very helpful :)
you get what you pay for--awesome
cleaned by boat outstanding job , i will use again , ask for wally great job ! ! !
good homemade cookies . thrifty ice cream . good prices . nice people .
a terrific shop . good service , helpful staff . impressive selection of curling supllies .
my favorite thai restaurant . food is always good , no matter what i order .
great experience . with no appointment i was able to get right in . quick , clean beautiful nails
beef cho fun was on point . fantastic food ! ! !
great diner ! ! num or 4 pm great food , workers are down to earth never bad service ..
freshly made pasta sooo good . lobster bique is soo good everything on the menu is delicious
very friendly people . good prices . large salon with relaxing atmosphere .
this little family run business has the best cakes ever ! light and airy :) and some hot bakers ! lol
their nachoes arw the best ! everything organic and fresh . please try their nachoes ! its so good
every time we come the food is amazing and the service is exceptional ! highly recommend this place .
please buy next door and extend your dinig room
great wedding chapel ! minister ben was friendly and made my wedding comfortable . highly recommend ! !
delicious ! excellent menu variation . gotta love places that are open later !
dont do your nails with them , terrible service !
shop owner aaron neiman is an amazing tattoo artist ! ! you'll get great work here without a doubt ! !
great food , great atmosphere , cold beer . if we lived closer we would be there all the time .
fabulous food . the pho was great as were the other dishes we tried . highly recommend .
reasonable price . so so food . good stuff . it will be perfect if they refill crab meat all time :)
awful . good food poisoning .
i've found some very fantastic stuff on occasion here . great ties year round .
it was a little over rated for me . the chocolate covered strawberries were amazing , though .
italian sub with no onion was all i asked for and i get a sub with nothing but meat no veggies
exceptional bbq . i love the pork ribs and now the salmon . hard to get a seat , but it's worth it .
go for breakfast , they have very good pancakes and omlet . never very go their for lunch .
sfc has everything we need and is so clean and convenient . the owner , mike , is awesome !
beautiful place & wonderful service
the animals are fake , sad to say . i swear the food they serve is the animals that die there
absolutely the most disguising food we've ever eaten . period . do . not . waste . your . money .
terrible service . not accommodating to certain dietary requests . bad attitude of certain servers .
sent home with the wrong medications and staff too busy .
great sushi for a low price . can be hit or miss at times , but for the most part its solid .
my local thai place ... i usually get pad thai and massaman curry
everyone loved the " pestoral " pizza , even our num - year-old son ( who almost never eats his veggies ) !
awesome food , awesome customer service , right around the block and super convenient to get to !
first time visit . food was superb and staff very pleasant . i will be back !
i got in without an id by saying i was john a . ' s twin .
they never run on time , there usually are no available seats , and no late night trains ! fail
stop by .. always nice to spend ur winnings before u lose it back ! !
fastest i've ever been in and out of a jiffy lube . most efficiently run store i've been in .
staff was friendly and welcoming ! poki bowl was delicious . i highly recommend this place .
i liked the people and service and understand tgey are students but 4 num hrs for a pedi full-set .
worst chinese food i've had in a while . this place use to be good , not sure what happened ?
i really appreciate how nice the people are that work there . the food is pretty tasty , too .
decent beer selection , good fingers and wings and attentive service . no complaints here .
tiramisu was amazing . one of the best i've had so far :) seafood pasta also on point !
terrible food terrible service over priced ' nuff said !
i used livingsocial deal and loved my experience . they were so nice and the doctor is the best .
always friendly service . even if you don't go for the beer , the food is always superb ! !
dark and gloomy , this bar had a bunch of old drunks and meth heads in it ... terrible
resonable pricing , professional results , perfect customer service
circle cafe has changed hands and the coffee has suffered terribly
pretty good thai food for a high $ plaza like settlers ridge . soups are fantastic
somewhat hidden gem in this area . good churasco style chicken and hummus ! also accepts amex !
chipotle never disappoints and this location has a nice quiet outdoor ally feel to chill at .
fun bar with great staff . there are a few hidden secrets that make for an entertaining evening .
not very happy with gel polish . make sure you look at the nail polish before you leave the shop .
awesome service and delicious food . perfect portions . chef even took us to our table - delightful !
truffled mac and cheese is where it's at ! delicious food and beautiful atmosphere .
cindy was fantastic .
excellent service from mary and brian . knowledgeable and friendly . got us in and out .
service was great . super authentic food , too . best thai food in the west valley for sure .
kids love the chicken nuggets from eds .
best ... coffee ... ever !
chief was a chill guy at the line . he was entertaining with a wide variety of guests .
had my car serviced there , jordan was the best ! arranged me a loaner car too ! thank you !
yummy thai food , great drinks , fun atmosphere !
probably the best food on the water ! slips are extremely shallow that's the only negative :-)
awesome food . great decor . love it .
i generally get the mediterranean panini ... and the soup .. standard stuff , pretty good !
i like their pizza and subs , the large meatball sub is good and really two meals in one !
one of my favorite places for vegan comfort food ! love the new menu and creative specials .
a great gimmick bar , but too pricey and too cold for us old fogeys ! worth doing once .
burgers are going downhill . did they change the meat ? messed up half the order . slow .
went for a breakfast burrito . it was awesome . i will defintely go back for more .
the view was great . not a huge selection on menu . food was just okay , nothing to rave about .
great atmosphere and greater food ! much needed off-strip sophisticated dining by eastern & num .
been here twice and the food has been great both times . best fajitas ive tasted hands down ! ! !
typical chain restaurant nothing special ! i do love their pies !
best service department ! solid friendly service and fair prices . mike and alan are great !
great customer service , clean place . i enjoyed our accommodations here and the prices were fair .
who doesn't love target ?
maza is closed .
i love the naked burrito option ! also the hot sauce is crazy hot so get dots before lines .
love there drinks great value for what you get . make sure you get tha extra shot !
good local beer selection . great chili and steak salad ! the wings are pretty awesome too .
it was awesome ... a little pricey but awesome.good atmosphere and food ... will be back asap !
awesome authentic mumbai street food . everything tasted just right with right amount of spices .
it's target . the only problem is ingress and egress from the parking lot .
rewards program
this . was . amazing ! pbj sriracha burger has made me look at life in a whole new way !
courteous staff , friendly service , comfortable ambience , delicious food !
townie chic . weird on saturday but likely better other nights . best served with a few drinks .
love this place ! food is great ! customer service is wonderful they always get my order right !
chimichanga was great . large portions , good service and great unlimited chips and salsa .
hit or miss . the service is ok , but the food can be pretty bad .
it's decent , but it didn't have ceviche ( my favorite peruvian dish ) .
food was good and staff super nice . they spent some time explaining the food to us . great place ! ! !
brand new store , the yogurt flavors are awesome , and the fruit is fresh !
the best sushi ( melts in your mouth ) and japanese dishes ever ! everything is sooo good !
picture was not from lulu's
delicious carrot cake cupcake . it's small shop but friendly staff . cake pops also yummy & moist .
the food here is fantastic , they have a really nice patio , and the service is always good . love it !
geek squad services out of this location is fantastic ! agents are skillful and very friendly .
always my number one stop when hitting up vintage stores on queen st w . great hidden gems !
a tasty burger stop on your way out of las vegas . would go again .
tiger's tail is as good as it gets . enough said . try it and you will be a returning customer
great beer , great ambience & great service ! chchcheck it out if you're in st . andrews .
excellent .. pulled pork sandwich was delicious . bbq sauce one of the best i've had ! ! !
love this place ! i have been there twice now and both times food was amazing !
still delicious
awesome if you like ramen ... even awesomer if you like boba tea ! ! !
connie was excellent ! great deep tissue !
nice cvs in litchfield park . great location . friendly employees . good selection with great prices .
the service was also great .
great place for brunch or to relax with a coffee . their hot chocolate is amazing .
really great pizza here ! finally a great pizza place near work ! build your own ! can't beat that !
good food chinese fresh cheap . mom and pop owned place the best chinese in middleton :)
get the kansas city strip and the mashed potato trio . the lobster mashed tat's are amazing .
excellent school focusing on street self defense . highly recommended ! men women and children .
delicious ! one of my favorite places to go ! the best tacos in all of central phoenix !
always does a great job on our 2 poodles , i highly recommend for dog grooming
the food is very good . after long time we enjoyed the authentic taste of south indian food .
gotta love a place open late in phoenix . num petite martinis after midnite ; yes please !
curt is as good as it gets . always providing great service . highly recommend universal h . v . a . c .
friendly service and a great cup of joe !
by far my fav place on the strip and it exceeded my expectations . i'll be back for sure
great place ! nadia is so good ! always will be back here . everybody is nice and polite !
extrem gutes taco-schnellrestaurant . absolute empfehlung !
* cash only *
expensive but worth it . i ate num dollars in sushi to myself ! how sad , but so worth it .
brought a bracelet here for repair . fast work , friendly service and they did a great job !
i had a grilled pork and kimchi fries . the pork was very juicy with nicely picked veggies .
quality is ok .
honestly one of my favorite places to go for a light lunch . great salads and exceptional service !
this place is for take-out only beside the supermarket . food and prices are reasonable .
delicious ! extremely fast , puts a traditional fatty food joint to shame .
great shop ; good service , quick parts ordering .
awesome ... octavia and his assistant were on time , professional and respectful ... did a great job !
great place a real find . cozy comfortable and great food and food choices
great burgers . the fries are awesome , nice and crispy . you have to try the milkshakes . so good .
laser tage was super fun . lots and lots of jumping fun to wear out those kids !
the food is delicious and the staff most courteous . i highly recommend this restaurant !
love their yogurt . they add new flavors quite often my fav is pumpkin , pb and marshmallow .
didn't know what to expect but i absolutely love their peach cobbler , definitely would recommend !
really cold , staff ignored me then finally manager came and fixed problem ... bartenders sweet ...
great food & service . tried the gyro and love it . great patio !
spper supper num bis num einfach genail , und top produckt immer frisch .
good food . very clean for a buffet ! great selection ! good price !
$ 1 oysters during happy hour . and that's all you need to know .
amazing food and even better service from jen . thanks for making our night memorable
sorry boathouse , fried perch was really bad . someone call gordon ramsay .
great portion and soup was awesome ! new favorite spot for my pho and other vietnamese dish !
my trusted shop for work on my car . i got an honest answer and personable customer service .
a great spot and vibe when you need to stop off for a loaf of bread and a quart of milk .
really good food . me and the party of 5 shared plates and had great drinks . enjoyed ourselves .
awesome hot dog place . i love the grilled hot dogs and they have , hands down , the best onion rings !
great customer service . nice atmosphere . tasty food . and it's reasonably priced .
yummy coffee , lots of options and they serve bialy's bagels , which is the best !
went for happy hour last year ... terrible drinks and crabby bartender . will likely never go back .
fink bomb ! christine was so sweet she was best ! tiki mug deal is incredible ! num hour tiki !
absolutely , hands down , the best coffee . in addition , the staff is always fabulous .
truly one of the loveliest evenings in a long while . simply glorious food . wow !
i always recommend corey ! great lawyer ! thanks for always taking care of my friends and customers .
huge selection of flower . and for sure the best wax to pick from . this place has the best wax
typicall bar food . the golden wing sauce is really good .
pretty good margs and chips , but nothing to write home about .
first time here , num would come again . our server was really energetic and super helpful .
no fans or air conditioning in bathrooms . you will sweat like a pig !
very nice , very clean , good prices , yummy baked goods and i loved the neighborhood !
waste of money . tasteless food . not authentic . go to pai ( num duncan st ) for real thai food .
am i in paris ! ? quiche was to die for . charming ambience , friendly staff . check this place out ! ! !
their beer and food is good . downside : it gets loud .
paradise bakery is very good . good selections and excellent pastries .
first time having poke was at this location . staff was very helpful . salmon was excellent .
extremely convenient way to get to and from a cardinals game ! highly recommend !
amazing service ! my burger with chili , egg and bacon was delicious . definitely coming back !
cute little cafe situated upstairs . some of the desserts were okay , good seating and lighting .
so not worth the money . i had tons of food and the best thing on the menu was the lobster bisque
everything about this place is 5 stars ! menu , food , atmosphere is authentic and delish ! i loved it !
great burgers always fresh and delicious also the onion rings are good too
i liked the atmosphere and big table . the coffee jugs with moustache a nice touche .
awesome ice cream and frozen yogurt . even cooler that it's made to order however you'd like it .
if you're looking for a mom-and-pop barbecue spot this is the place . hidden las vegas gem .
yum ! old school steak house . great filet & drinks !
the usual milos experience . amazing fish . cooked simply . pay a lot for it . we love it !
love the kayaks and electric boats , so cool ! ! !
really nice place . a bit pricy but i just love their great smoothies and the hummus wrap
has the best taco tuesday specials ! love it and delicious every time ! num would recommend
follow up . : i got rid of my honda entirely and bought a subaru .
$ num or so for admission and fireworks ! can't beat it !
great choices for gifts and cards . a big plus is that it is unique to charlotte !
best donuts in town . always fresh . cake donuts fluffy and moist . buttermilk is full of flavor
very good food , love the stampedes and atmosphere . could use more ipas on draft though :)
incredible dungess crab and their steak is delicous . great place for a friday night out .
great service and selection . have used munchees several times for party supplies .
don't go here unless you wanna be sick . the food sucks . tastes like bargain basement mexican food .
love this place never can decide with a wife menu but had a great time and loved the food
and only $ num it's worth it ;)
this place is awful ... horrible cheap num rooms , bad food and dingy environment . stay away !
hillary did an amazing job ! took of num inches and she made it exactly how i wanted it . very happy
so , so delicious . excellent food , outstanding service , nice atmosphere .
bar menu hasn't changed for years , same boring items but they carry good cocktail menu .
the line was so long . nice furnished store , very cozy . flavour is good but a little bit expensive
our business uses them for carpet and they are the best ! so dependable and reasonable !
good and authentic korean food . a bit pricy . their lunch menu is good .
save me some of that lemon rice soup ! ! ! please ... soooooooooooooo #scrumpsh #delish #love
snowing in the burgh ... at the golden grille ... good food
fantastic pizza ! authentic flavors straight from italy !
max arrived on time with his team . everything was great . they did an amazing job with the moving !
ok food ... nothing great ... many better thai restaurants in pittsburgh !
this was definitely the nicest library i've ever been to in vegas and the staff were very nice .
good food ! clean and fresh . bowls are great and the smoked salmon was super . friendly nice service .
best barber shop out here . alex fades me up on a monthly basis . keep up the great work .
love it here . miso ribeye is my favourite , surprisingly juicy and tender , totally worth num bucks !
delicious food , good portion . one of the best brunch in north york area . defn go there again .
delicious burgers and frys , also the onion rings were fried to perfection .
this place has fake reviews ! bad service and bad food ! if i could i would give no star !
prices great too .
really good place to relax and cool down in this heat , especially after pokemon hunting .
nice place to grab breakfast or lunch .
tacos were pretty good . drinks are really well done ! took my mom their for her birthday .
staff is really great . cupcakes taste good and their nutella latte is so good . will come back here !
their steak cooked perfectly soo tasty
very professional and nice group of workers . highly recommend this discount tire location .
amazing ribs ! ! loved the brisket and the sides , very friendly service and very clean !
been here multiple times i love this place ! friendly staff , clean facilities and yummy food .
i love the food here ! duck confit and the chicken liver appetizer are my favorite dishes !
this place is amazing . if you are from southern california this place far beats roscoes !
purchase arrived in three days , fantastic !
unfortuately fait ici is now closed
my lunchtime stop for pho . really flavorful broth . they make a great bahn mi , too !
they are an amazing company , they reallly care about their customers ! !
* the * best thai iced tea i've ever had .
decent but not great . ok as far as bar food goes . very smokey .
great salad bar and health food spot
fair . honest . that is hard to find in a mechanic . knowledgeable
buta-san is bomb.com ! you gotta try this pork cheek ! liquid pork heaven ...
always good food here ! great southern comfort food at its finest !
the best massage in charlotte for the money ! very talented therapist ! great atmosphere !
very good . worth a try ! the price is just right and it's plenty of food if you're hungry
excellent service . always on time . able to do minor repairs . fair prices for the quality you get .
received this intrusive and illegal phone call today , filed a complaint with do not call . gov
daughter wanted deathspank logo on a shirt . shirt looks professionally done . she loves it !
talk about unfriendly , or even to the point of rude service ! places like this make vegas look bad !
terrible . the hunan chicken and the general tso's were the worst i've ever had
blah ! nothing that is impresses me . just a lot of bland food in an overly priced place .
best haircut i have ever received . best barber shop in the phoenix market . highly recommend it ! ! !
trustworthy , professional service . i have a new car care center ! thank you , guys !
the hype is real and food was ill - fuck with it heavy
super yummy and very helpful staff ! i had the thai tea snow ice and it blew my mind .
great service and food . had a great time there and felt like the staff appreciated us being there .
the food was great , coffee strong , and gravy thick ... what more could this california boy ask for ?
why did you change the cup sizes so disappointing . i like large cup please bring them back .
sadly , greek chef is no more . fortunately , pita shack has taken over and its good too .
michael is the bomb . quick , ontime , so easy . recommend and will definitely using services again ! ! !
nice pool , and staff , the music is a hit or miss ... but i still have fun it was a great weekend
the wings were awesome and the calzone was huge and delicious ! nice place .
best latte in vegas . perfect temp , bold flavor , perfect balance of sweet and savory . well done !
got some sandwiches and pasta dishes , everything was delicious & the prices weren't bad !
it was worth a while , loves the experience , pilot tim was amazing flying the helicopter .
i loved this place . if you visit vegas you must come here for an ultimate dining pleasure .
my home away from home . across from concord mills mall . num % off for military . pets welcome .
huge burrito and tasty too .
quickly seated and great table service for coffee and refills . loved the mini bacon waffles . yum !
num hr wait plus to get called plus counter staffs are under staffed . we been waiting since num .
great breakfast food . it's alot of food ! love love love the sausage egg n chz croissant .
cheaper alternative to the apple store and super fast service .
bad customer service , did not want to serve sushi one hour before closing , take out took forever .
very classy place with great food really good prices for the area it is in . very friendly staff .
helpful staff . i always find what i need ... and want .
always long lines and generally one person running things . just waited num min . for a drink .
susan is the best ! ! only go there because of her ... ohh and the best artichokes ! !
this place rocks . real hawaiian food , great prices . definitely be back . great service too !
it's okay for coffee but stay away from food , unless you like cockroaches !
fast and a great value . just num minutes to replace a broken iphone screen !
amazing job ! ! ! seriously ... we couldn't have hired anyone better ! we highly recommend !
if you can't stand the heat , get out of los dos molinos . the food is great , but hot .
great food and service . the catfish is awesome and the wings were tasty . great service too !
this storage facility is great ! easy to deal with and fair prices . very clean facility as well .
overpriced , employees have no idea what they are doing . tons of homeless outside asking for money .
the chicken tacos are legit ! the carne asada fries are the bomb ! ! !
great korean-mexican fusion restaurant . you have to try kimchi fries and spoon pizza ! so yummy !
suits stain and rip
next time the family and i are in montreal , la banquise is on our list ! great poutine !
ima come clean i would give five stars but the guest services might have to shoot the fade
my mom had bacon and eggs and i ate the french toast it was a great dining experience
healthy , fast , and cheap . great post work out meal with clean protein and veggies , love it .
outstanding service , food and atmosphere . friendly staff . live music in the bar . nice , fun evening !
great turkish shave which opened my eyes to the luxury of a hot shave
very courteous staff , great rates and they do a great job especially on the deep cleaning work
awesome time ... food / wine was great ... ask for eric
ordered mac and cheese with a side of green beans ! they were perfect . i will be back ! ! !
one of my favorite places in vegas . love to sit and have a great cigar , a drink and people watch .
authentic tacos ! ! very delicious and great price on tuesdays .
roach spotted in ladies room closest to the big seafood buffet . yuk !
okay food nothing special . brushetta chicken dry and not much flavor . beer was good !
spinach veggie omelette with the english muffin with the home fries it was delicious
not at all helpful !
had a great breakfast . bagel was good , too , and i'm not a bagel fan . impressive bakery selection .
improved from it's previous version . the asian section was not up to par .
they have the best crab ragoons i have ever had . service was awesome . food was hot and delicious .
the food are great ! ramen have different soup tastelove it !
great service and alpastor has best spice and flavor . busy for lunch but they get you out .
some of the best italian pizza i've ever had in vegas and good customer service . 5 stars
thank you for taking such great care of our kitties ! ! we are glad to have found this vet hospital !
pizza kings is blah . nothing special , bland flavors . would i recommend it or go back ? no
i love this place . great food and the best cake shake ! the service is great and i love going there !
cute place in lakeshore with good coffee !
num floor - obgyn , amazing staff . love the nurses and drs . thumps up for dr . jacob skinner .
they upgraded the store and it's better now . not too big , but not small either .
very good food . worth every penny . jambalaya soup is the best !
nice theater ! free refill on popcorn . seats are pretty comfy .
had the shiyu ramen with a side ... brilliant and the broth was perfect ... couldn't as for more !
very good pizza ! the cheese garlic bread is to die for , my favorite ever . yummy food all around .
second time here and each time i walk away with treasures ! love this shop and it's prices !
awesome ! the rib tacos and tuna tartar was delicious . cocktails are great too !
ok for a quick hot dog . everything was good and the place was not to crowded
very cozy , friendly staff and affordable prices . love the atmosphere and the food are awesome !
best sandwich and vietnamese ice coffee .. also great price .. best combo cheap and good .
good reliable lunch place , fresh salads , good sandwiches , and great tea .
service is slow and dirty , had to get our own napkins and silverware . very poor management ! ! !
exceptional staff , amazing atmosphere , and fantastic food . a must do in downtown las vegas !
great place for a sandwich . very messy to eat but always tasty decently priced
beautiful deck , great bartenders , fun atmosphere - loved it !
ugh ... awful service and food was subpar . i don't see this restaurant lasting 3 more months .
place is very busy and packed quickly . prices and quantity is better than the nearby asian legend .
i've never eaten here . confused this pub with another irish pub
went for a drink ordered a old fashion but was half full and nasty
was looking for good pizza delivery . jet's was that and more and the greek salad was very good too .
they are idiots who dont know their own business and dont want to make money .
best thai basil beef stir-fry , bar none .
i went here today and have now became a new faithful custom tim is by far my favorite tech ever .
this park is awesome ! i bring my daughter and run my dog daily .
will come back ...
incredible ! excellent food and service . husband and i enjoyed the whole experience .
i bought two bikes there last year . price and service terrific .
excellent barbecue ! i order the mixed meat burrito every time . great food all around !
wonderful food every time we dine here ! ! highly suggest eating here but come hungry ! !
completely remodeled . huge improvement . my kids call it " old people mcdonald's " . no play area .
bobbi was an awesome waitress and we love the food ! ! had a great time at carolina ale house ! !
came here for breakfast . great place for kids and food was good . a little costly .
this place is the perfect if you have a taste for some good ole soul food ! def on fleek !
gross ! save your money .. not worth the money at all ! totally dissatisfied . waste of money
outstanding wines , unique appetizers , great place to take a date when you really care !
one of the best nail salon's in the valley . friendly staff , clean , and good quality work ! !
nick hooked me up ! ! great job guys ! ! fast and friendly service , two thumbs up ! !
starbucks is a community hangout ... with attention to detail with amazing drinks and quick bite .
a + service and great price , i don't feel ripped off like many other places . highly recommend
great food and service ! carmel brownie is amazing . the uptown location is just as good .
best bar / club in the area ! it's been around for years and still going strong !
customer service was great the food had been prepared before hand so it was saturated with grease
the best cantonese vegetrian food in vegas . place is small but food is very good . and drinks .
;) )
cant get a simple order right and they act as if your in the wrong when you ask them to fix it
great guacamole and fresh flour tortillas . enchiladas and steak chile colorado was very good .
excellent restaurant in vdara . quite and reserved , yet intimate . the food is fantastic .
just got lunch for the work crew . 3 out of 4 items wrong . pay more attention .
very affordable , honest and good service ! ! ! i would not hesitate to use them again !
delicious . the food is fabulous and you won't be disappointed . the coffee is great .
muay thai training second to none , nation wide ! ! no better place to call a second home .
i would go just for the taste of the best molten cake ! and their chicken enchilada soup !
the new remodel looks great ! lots of new shopping carts and a brand new looking electronics .
rooms are pretty nice for the price especially it being off the strip
they cut top round roasts for me regularly ... best beef for making beef jerky .. never fatty .
i had a huge meat calzone with a coke . price was reasonable .
satisfying , delicious , and never disappoints . it's worth the money , best fast burgers around .
for a chain , this place is good . always fresh and hot with friendly staff . i do recommend
best coffee i have had in a long time . the staff is amazing and the atmosphere is incredible ...
best red velvet cupcake ... it is so moist ... make sure to order custom cakes month in advance
san marbeya really does try and accommodate all needs of its residents ! thank you !
carla is the best ! not only does she do a great job on your brows she has a heart of gold !
they don't know how to cut bagels in half . always thick on one side and paper thin on the other .
a prime rib sandwich and an old fashioned is all i need the rest of my life . absolutely spectacular
took my daughter to see " hotel transylvania " num am . the movie didn't start until num pm .
emily knows her stuff . she is full of information and incredibly passionate about what she does !
great food , great atmosphere & great service staff . always a pleasant experience at the keg .
deplorable customer service , wilted vegetables , dry meat . definitely not the restaurant for me .
delicioussss cup bab sold out a little early though . def would eat again
not impressed . pricey and fast food quality pizza . will not be returning anytime soon .
love this place ! i visit at least once per week to shop or sell clothes :)
the best ! i always get a ton of compliments on kelly's work ! i've been coming to her for years !
the crispy spinach salad is amazing ! ! ! the rib cap steak is full of flavor . nice happy hour also .
excellent shawarma and falafel . huge portions and great flavours . poutine is big enough for two !
whenever im in las vegas i always come in for the hot towel beard shave , and haircut .
fast service , reasonable menu prices . food was okay and same for cleanliness of restaurant
this is the best place . we love coming here , we come multiple times each week . highly recommended !
very good pizza . getting soda in num bottles was odd .
love it , every time im in vegas this has always been a good time !
the sausage was over spiced .
beer selection week af . refused to put the raptors playoff game on the tv ! ? ! go somewhere else .
i often get lunch here . carry out for the office . fast service , good staff
yes , of course 5 stars haha hope does exist .
not worth it . spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere .
pink's has yummy dogs and burgers , enjoyed patio dining without breaking my budget !
best lunch deal in madison . dinner might not be worth the price .
great service , food was great and came out fast . much better than the denny's in parma .
if you don't " get it , " i'm " sorry . " peel pub ... i shall forever * heart * you . _c $
never adopt a pet from this establishment as long as they do business with purrfect friends .
excellent restaurant , a wide variety of options , all vegan , friendly staff and cheerful atmosphere .
tortillas on fleek . price is right . whatever orange stuff is in the bottles is good . go to there .
delicioso every time . hot food , outstanding service . clean restrooms . yeah !
fyi ... health department just gave them a poor rating on sanitation standards .
this was a great place but this location is closed and has re-opened in desert ridge .
their strawberry shake is indescribably delicious , earned it today ...
good place for a quick bite to eat ... tacos were great and the bloody mary was amazing !
pretty good . the batista male server was very polite and nice . the food was pretty good
this is a weekly round up of about num food trucks . go there . order food . eat . rinse and repeat .
this is the best gym i have been too . they offer most everything and the staff is wonderful .
hands down the best mexican food within a num mile radius . the service is always great too !
absolutely wonderful place . love the service , and massage was awesome too !
tasty , good prices , excellent kimchi rice . really enjoyed everything ordered .
school is fine . just be ready for an hour minimum wait if dealing with financial aid . worst ever .
best service around with the most friendly bar staff and clientele . i love it here in swissvale ! !
what's nice about all the cafe are the free wifi .
best ayce sushi in vegas so far . highly recommended . great service , spacious , and clean .
one of my all-time favourite poutine spots in the world . nothing has beat this spot yet .
excellent pub with great kitchen . cool atmosphere , historical bar . great great great
pies are delicious but overpriced - $ num for a small pie that you can finish in two bites .
if you're blessed with curls , you must come here to get them cared for ! ! ! best hair cut ever ! ! !
very small , and crowded , the most fun we had was taking a picture with a sexy zebra man .
their brisket is absolutely terrible . just big strips of tough meat . so disappointing .
i have eaten here several times . the food is pretty good . i like the angus beef sandwich a lot .
it's the local to the apartment complex so it's handy . tons of tv food is average though
it sucked ! don't come here ! brisket tough and dry ! beans like out if a can ! bread was good .
prime steak here is my favorite . it's unique . it's fantastic . it's gonna be huuuuuge .
great atmosphere if you like a chill place to enjoy a drink with friends . good local beers !
my favorite thing about town square has to be yogurtland . hands down !
best gym in ohio , friendly trainers and hard workouts . stay in the best shape of your life here .
the best chicken parm there is ! and their cannolis are so delicious . you must eat here in vegas !
great food ! ! the owners and staff are very friendly . will definitely be back again soon !
peanut butter burger ... yep , amazing ! ! ! all of the food here is great ...
cute but flavorful tapas plates . great service for low price ( relatively speaking ) !
best dunkin ' donuts in mesa . go here everyday for coffee . really down to earth people on staff .
amazing view ! must see when going to grand canyon . no need to walk the entire bridge though
great selection of games and reasonable entry fee for unlimited gaming .
love the atmosphere and all the pastries ! the location is convienent ; the decor is eclectic .
friendly people . fixed my game that gamestop said was unfixable . robbie is the man .
so rude , they made me cry . good thing i'm just visiting pitt so i don't have to go back .
hector was super . it is a must place to visit when in vegas .
the sculpture center is a great place to see local artists .
reasonable prices in a modern looking atmosphere ! nothing like the nail farms in strip malls .
their food taste horrible and the smallest portions ever . waste of money and waste of time .
enjoying a cocktail and having the best wings in town . fix bar is a must when in vegas !
rosa pizza , is amazing ! worth the wait . loved the ambiance and the professionalism of the staff .
jake is the best . great pizza . great drinks . stories for days . can't wait for karaoke night .
great place good play ground but no arsenal fields .
reliable , did a great job , very hard workers and very careful with our belongings .
awesome service with delicious food and great portions . you difinetly won't be disappointed .
lenny's got beat ... but not by much .
the place in edinburgh that comes closest to an aussie pie shop . no ned kelly pie though .
i have tried a few items from there , rib tips , fish , chicken , brisket its all good .
good food and reasonable amount of food , a lot better then most thai places , good service also ! !
this place is closed ! ! ! tried calling and no answer so i drove up and they are closed .
gays may or may not be admitted . depends on the front desk clerk .
the dj was pretty good .. good starting place .
multiple occasions . slow , rude service . sub par food . looks run down and most of the time dirty .
the food here was great . thge staff very attentive 5 stars , no num
absolutely love mac shack ! strongly recommend their crazy alfredo ... delicious !
food truck with decent food in the strip district . food is good with reasonable price .
we went in for lunch and shared the brown-sugar pork sandwich and the short rib taco both amazing .
so many wonderful things in the display case , i had an extremely hard time choosing ! wonderful !
crispy ginger beef is great . spicy pepper chicken is really good . highly recommended !
excellent food excellent service especially for happy hour cuz the food and beer is worth the price
the all american waffle burger was fresh . the waitress was very friendly . order a side of the frys .
i will give the food 3 stars . the service is not friendly . still a good place for sushi .
the most delicious donuts ! ! staff is super friendly and helpful . try the raised donut !
worst barbecue ever ! dry sausage , and brisket looks like dog food . over priced for sure .
love the coffee , desserts and food ! ! staff is great too . awesome portuguese bakery in ajax .
the lobster roll was great and drinks were better . christina was an awesome waitress !
the food is great , reasonable prices but the line gets long at lunch so be there's early !
everything is good . new business . noodle is good , soup can be improved . beef noodle recommend .
lowe's is lowe's is lowe's . it's a different selection of goods than hdepot and it's convenient .
okay place nice selection of beers on tap . decent amount of tvs . average food selection .
absolutely refreshing . everyone worked as a team and also had fun ! . food was great too ! !
sunny is the best bartender in vegas ! love going in late night to eat and have a night cap .
really delicious mexican food , huge portions ... not health or diet food ... but delicious !
the song selection was great and the room clean . nick from karaoke q was very helpful .
nice family owned breakfast spot . good food & good service .
this is hands down the best barber shop in las vegas awesome atmosphere and skilled barbers
food ok ... customer service crappy . very pushy even when no one is in line . will not be going back .
i loveeeee this place so much ! delicious food and the service , drinks and music are all amazingggg
cheap . . lol ... try the toothpick size breakfast burritos . lol or the ice with pop to go .
super yummy ! worth the wait and price ! would definitely recommend this buffet if you are in vegas .
been here num times great place to have children's birthday parties . the pool is a - 1
food was ok but it was a great atmosphere and service . excellent beer and whiskey selection .
words words words and more words .
everyone i work with loves this place , but i find it a little pricy for what you get .
waitress is great ... the dry rub siracha wings are my favorite here besides the pazookies
i pretty much eat there everyday ... ! they should have a buy num get 1 free promotion like freshii !
spent some time looking for this place . it's closed and has been replaced by taco gorda .
thank you for the amazing last minute wedding flowers ! they are absolutely stunning ! ! !
the chicken picata was amazing !
you are a disgusting excuse for a human who gives all pet sitters a bad name !
very fresh and tasty food this is the place if u want a chinese meal
i come here all the time ! excellent service , always a smile and they remember my name and my order
overall love it :)
left a message requesting a quote and did not receive a call back .
my picture was taken here . four stars just for the mini-chimis and the patty melt .
very delicious food . i ordered the lunch portion of the beef koobideh . i was pleasantly surprised .
perfect pizza and customization . cesar salad kicked ass !
the kool aid takes me back . love the corn cake too !
friendly service and tasty pie . i try to grab a bite here everytime i fly through sky harbor .
i liked it ! i really did ... but the nachos did not love up to the hype . pretty avg tbh .
bar tender was great explained all our options .
meat lover please dont miss this ! ! ! my favorite : bone marrow & charcuterie !
solid , decent prices , nothing to write home about .
cheap prix fixe , amazing cocktails and the best steak frites in town . nuff said .
my mom and i bought a car here from mike g ! he's a great salesperson ! ! !
very interesting place to learn about the history of clark county , and the price is right too .
num months after the purchase and still very happy with it . thank you tq :)
we come here all the time
outstanding ! went thru strategies that most don't . i would highly recommend !
hands down the best place for pizza and wings . they have awesome pizza and wing deals ! stop in !
garlic chicken wings . free delivery in central toronto .
amazing quality and value . sweet potato fries are delicious ! ! unique burger options :)
excellent experience at this spa . everyone is really wonderful . great massages and service overall !
best $ num smog in henderson . thanks
this is one of the best pho places in arizona . broth is fresh and has a great flavor .
shout out to the entire irepair team for fixing my phone so well and in such a quick time
amazing foods . amazing experience . great service . the staff are all true professionals .
favourite thai in toronto . crazy about their pad gra prao . i daydream about it ! so good ! ! !
the best sushi late night place in phoenix . the saki drinks are exotic and tasty
chris did an amazing job on out tile floors ! i highly recommend him !
it's my favorite place to buy russian food . i'm happy we have this store in las vegas !
deep dish pizza done right . close enough to chicago to get the real thing .
amazing ! ! delicious ! ! by far , the best boba in vegas ! ! so glad there is one in henderson now ! !
love this place ! my favorite hometown place to eat . always great service , and good food ! ! !
perfect coffee ! worth for money . right behind my office ;) ... indian flavor chai available here !
great place to take a walk . lots of birds and bunnies .
curried chicken salad or sandwich is good . bar-b-q chicken wrap is also a winner .
great little outdoor courtyard to eat a good salad and pizza during the cool months .
really good drinks and good food ! very fun place to go out and hang out !
awesome ! clean , fresh and delicious . get the pho , some of the best i've had .
great food and always open even after those long vegas nights of having fun !
any restaurant that does not show prices on its website is extremely suspect . i'll take denny's !
love this place ! the cubano coffee drink my gf gets me is amazing !
lots of plugs all around , free and fast wifi . my only gripe is the lack of good food anywhere .
very clean awesome service ! servers where amazing but server name kester was great ! ! will be back
great selection . chocolate crepes are very delicious . one of top 5 dessert places in mississauga .
i ordered the roast beef sandwich - even with horseradish and mayo , the roast beef was very dry .
great curry with a relaxing atmosphere made for a pleasant meal . nice ice cubes in the water .
the nachos were dry , some burnt and not enough cheese or toppings . will not recommend
clean rooms , friendly staff . nothing special here , but the lowest priced rooms around .
housekeeping department needs attention . i did not get my coffee today !
grease pit . treats employees incredibly badly . stay away .
fresh good food ! best sub i've had in a long time
mike and team ... you guys rock ! thank you for the " twins " !
always excellent . rudy is a sweethart . see you soon . good luck with your new location
awesome group of workers . they were so helpful even while getting ready for an inventory .
really helpful with researching a good tire for my jeep ... no sales pressure ... fast service ...
canada post counter sucks at this location ...
techs are courteous , professional and knowledgeable ... annual preventive maintenance is unmatched .
great spot to see big horn sheep
we are picky . all we can say is wow . great food and great value . you gotta try it .
real pho in the strip with friendly service at great prices . hard to beat in the pittsburgh area .
crunchy pork belly and roast duck is my favorite here . probably eat here once a month .
nice place for parking and have good sichuan food ! highly recommended and price is reasonable
hidden gem . great sushi , friendly service . definitely making this a regular sushi spot .
good , quick food , but they close num minutes early . make sure you're there before num num !
good ramen , prices higher than in the usa , but tasty . the extra 2 $ combo was worth it to fill up .
best tacos in arizona . they have great quality food and everyone is super nice and friendly .
not really even sure how you can bad mouth the place ... its beer heaven
love everything about it . never had a menu item that i didn't like ! ! ! this place i'd the real deal .
i can't feel my face . ample drink supply , lots of friendly people ... why wouldn't you come here ? ?
best kosher restaurant in las vegas
my husband went here and she butchered his hair ! ! worst haircut he has ever had ! ! !
try the waffles they're light , airy and sweet served with lots of really delicious whip cream
i use them for all my pet needs . staff is extremely helpful and knowledgable on products !
great food pizza & wings . yelp's ordering online makes it sometimes too easy to order :)
alcoholic ice cream with all kinds of varieties . they're friendly and generous with samples too !
and the food isn't that great either
great breakfast and strong coffee ! parking in the attached garage can be a challenge , though .
hands down the best cannolis i have yet to find in pittsburgh ( also very delicious cookies ) .
simply the best ! she initially did my hair for my wedding and i've gone to her ever since !
best wings ever :) and try the stella sticks ! the salads are huge ! ! !
the lee trevino cocktail is yummy ! the veggies and garlic mashed potatoes are to live for !
the mojito was good but it took a long time to get service .
service insanely slow . not a single water refill . slowness on multiple visits .
one of my favorite restaurants in phoenix . best hummus i've ever had .
no customer service , never more than 2 employees working , no one ever available to help !
takeout . dinner . good . sliced beef dinner with salad and slice of pie .
ok bun bo hue but great at num !
great service . delicious bar style food . and the people watching does not disappoint .
another one bites the dust
the peanut brittle is great . the customer service sucks !
some of the dishes are great . nothing especially amazing or creative but good for veggies .
im always happy when i leave here and with a juice box .
got lost looking for kanpai and found this place instead . ick .
delicious . had the breakfast sandwich and the yogurt parfait . nice , small east side place .
amazing fusion food with great sides and sauces . i'm a fan of their slaw and the flautas !
upscale atmosphere ; quiet ; excellent service and wine selection
beautiful view great service awesome food what more can i say .
i'm not korean so i was weirded out .
the californian omelette was a great healthy alternative for breakfast . i strongly recommend it .
excellent place to unwind after a stressful day at work . great food , great service ' nuff said !
favorite place for breakfast or lunch . food is always great and everyone is made so welcome !
small , but quiet and trendy eatery . very delicious and affordable lunch menu ! pad thai was amazing !
fantastic meal , excellent service , nice ambiance . i will definitely return !
i always have really great service at discount tire . everyone is very friendly and knowledgeable .
service was good but not worth the wait on weekends .
nice casino not near the strip great buffet lots of 2 for 1 and freebies
great healthy food . the turkey sausage and egg whites are my favorite ! give it a try
good place . affordable . the employees are very nice . they're very prompt with tire repair .
very friendly and food is always done right and in a timely manner . place is very clean
schnelles und sehr leckeres sushi zu fairen preisen ! ! immer wieder gern und absolut zu empfehlen ! !
try the beer ... quad damn it ... went home with a growler of it last night ...
i can watch it all day . " time to say goodbye " by andrea boccelli and sarah brightman is the best .
delicious ! a wonderful restaurant with everything you want in a classic breakfast place !
i have adopted four pets from the humane society and had pleasant experiences each time .
love the ordering process and pictures of what you get on an ipad . great idea ! eat it all .
worst . sub.ever . pre-made grocery subs are better than these , don't waste your money !
gotta love this pizza . great crust , good flavors . been here a few times and it stays consistent .
great place to come philly cheesesteak is off the charts on top of it all it isa cowboysa
nice casual place for a good beer and average pub food .
have been here a few time with my kids . great spot to grab a quick bite in a nice environment .
good response . quality workmanship . brandon was very polite and competent .
if you looking for good dentist and staff come here ... they are the best including gina watson !
there extremely slow , and it's cold bring a jacket ! make an appointment if you can .
great tech help and guidance with part selection . helps keep buick builders going fast with class
absolute favorite place to eat in tempe . great prices and very good food . highly recommend !
great service .. resonable prices and huge portions . the fish and chips was terrific . nice atmosphere
love my nails as usual . andy does fantastic work . you are treated like royalty there .
if you need health insurance go somewhere else . meritus only provide he * * ' s insurance .
great casual dining place , very reasonably priced good food
seriously , best buffet ever ... miso sea bass .. get in my belly
the cupcakes taste great , but they are pricey !
worst tortilla soup i've ever had ... but two stars for the free chips and salsa .
you can ask to try samples ! watch out for the nuclear cherries , they're soaked in everclear !
great family owned and operated clinic ! top quality care and innovative veterinarians
pedicure was cheap but also the worst polish job ever . dont waste your money .
visiting from out of town and came here for brunch . awesome space , friendly staff , and good food !
the manager andy was so kind to my friend.he offered to cover a num dollar fix on her car
very good service , on time . did the job in a timely manner & very understanding of the problem .
simply amazing food ! try it , you won't regret it . campechana ( mixed ) taco !
some great coffee shop / dinner food here . really unique dishes . owner is friendly and helpful .
heading back to this place . thin crust chicago style ? ! ? yes ! ! ! its awesome .
excellant food and service ! awesome menu and great portions . very tasty ! i recommend this place !
i've been impressed with everything they serve . the food is quality and everything is healthy .
got a terrifying bout of food poisoning here . never . again .
my girlfriend came home extremely upset over her experience here . very poor customer service .
service is amazing , food is num . very suitable for special occasions , highly recommend .
great classic dishes . love the service . great place , highly recommend . we go several times a month .
come for the coffee ... drive to dee's for the donuts .
half price flatbreads till seven and it was great
cute little shop with delicious boba tea ! perfect for a hot day !
great place to hang out - great food and drinks . shout out to mary who is the best waitress there !
your money would be better spent at taco bell unless you like a margarita in a plastic cup .
the ayce is amazing ! i love eating sushi here . would definitely recommend my friends to come here .
very good food and friendly staff . could be a bit cleaner .
great atmosphere to spend time with your granddaughter and have lunch with her and her doll grace
awesome , delicious pizza ! ! ! we come here all the time . we love it ! the service is just as good !
alex did an excellent job . very professional & friendly i love my lashes ! ! #masterartist
great menu and unique cocktails . vibe inside is nice . one star lost for being slightly overpriced
pricey . but worth it . rachel is amazing ! ! ! her color is fab and her cuts are amaze . love .
scam modelling bull agency . please dont waste money
they seemed worried about money and nothing else ... very cold and rotating door attitude ...
vanessa always takes care of me . she deserves more than 5 stars if yelp would allow it ... lol .
awesome happy hour deals but ooohweee it gets crowed :) food yummy
weak service ... weaker menu ... smokey patio . what's the point ?
great customer service . the food was hot and freshly made . i liked it and will be back soon .
best bloody mary's in town ! ! this is a must stop place . i promise , you won't be disappointed ! ! !
eating desserts here is definitely a waste of calories . i was also disappointed by cappuccino .
good steaks , nice location at the ceasar's forum . can be pricy .
great work . pool was cleaned and sealed in about num hrs . would purchase from them again .
it's a descent lounge ; the food options for lunch were good .
the food was good . the service was terrible and waitress was rude . entertainment was fun .
muy buena comida , excellent food ! ! ! you can try anything , you won't be disappointed :)
i'll give them 2 stars not the best in town , but it gets the job done . my girl barely enjoyed it .
elizabeth was super attentive and very friendly ! ! she truly understands customer service ! a + !
this place is gooder than a mug . everybodys chill . shoutout to everybody thats chill here .
great place to enjoy ice cream with family , tons of options / flavors , busy but quick service .
best bbq in las vegas and very family friendly ! ! ! i highly recommend !
coffee is fantastic - and the sob breakfast sandwich as well as the lulu light are amazing !
absinthe was hilarious ! ! extraordinary talent , amazing , sexy , unique and i loved it .
i was not impressed , carne asada had a lot of chewy parts , flavor wasn't good . will not return .
everything went fine . very fast getting in and out . would recommend this place to thers .
great dinner spot on the strip ! super easy and great selection . ramen and sushi was good .
great customer service . awesome food and products . great environment . all around great place to eat
good indian food . be sure to check their hours because they close shortly in the afternoon .
the pastrami is pretty delicious and huge . i can't really remember anything else .
tamara at pro services is the best !
such a cute and delicious place ! perfect for date night ! great drink list and the food was amazing .
great turkish coffee , and decent turkish delight . cool interior . however it's a bit pricey .
if you like a dark and cozy restaurant with excellent pasta & pizza , get to angelo's !
love this store ! best consignment for the low prices ... highly recommend !
their pizza is probably one of the best i've ever had and i'm not vegan .
i bought a burrito bowl yesterday and it was amazing ! great staff ! love the new menu !
pick another starbucks . these folks don't have it together . customer service is not great .
omg ! ! ! i'm in love .. son was amazing .. so detail oriented and funny .. made my visit worth the wait
this little gem has been one of my favorites for years now . wonderful service and even better food .
with a very reasonable price .
very professional and prompt service when time truly manners for us and trade shows !
again , my favorite spot in ahwatukee for the last num years ! the food is always great !
quality of food and service was great . too pricey for me . $ num for a really small bowl ...
i just discovered the hip hop room . lol ignore my last comment ! ! !
this airport really doesn't have a lot of food options . t_t butttt i love all the moving walkways ! !
my ice maker is working amazing ! ! thanks for the hair dryer tip ! ! ! i feel like a pimp !
been here twice has really friendly employees the food is nice the drinks are delicious
the food was really good , if you like daphne's chain restaurants you'll love this even more .
it was okay , everything average , but prices a touch too high for just okay .
thorough with her answers to my questions and very gentle with the process . great results !
literally the best chinese food in town . have been going here for num years . highly recommend !
service is fantastic . food is sublime . hands down the best thai restaurant in the area .
there is no bad sit :) ) very impressed
get the panroast - combination of crab and shrimp in a buttery creamy tomato sauce ... its yum !
food was pretty good . nice to have a local bagel shop . a lotylr expensive but good quality food .
scrumptious ! ! every . single . thing . just absolutely delicious ! !
great healthy food ... tastes great . i would recommend for lunch . xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
more like red lobster .
schlechtes essen und danoch so teuer . die musik ist gut .
great place for friday night fish fry . you will not be disappointed .
did not like the food . to pricey . service was good . they tried to help me like it but not a chance
highly recommend them
a nice pizza place . price is good pizza is not bad quick service . wish they had thin crust pizza !
the best vegan thai food ... everything is exceptional ! ! ! my " go-to " place for thai food .
our favorite place to eat in oakville .
great location , friendly staff .
my favorite is the mango tango . this place is heaven on a hot summer day .
they have the best cantonese chowmein in east york . real authentic . not greasy at all ...
really helpful , honest and reasonably priced . will be coming here for any car issues in the future .
excellent food ! better greek food than on the danforth in greek town ! totally worth it !
the scallops are to die for . the service is amazing . the scenery is beautiful . i'll be back again .
the asiago ciabatta bread is awesome , the food was well prepared , the staff was perfect
$ 5 craft beers with a wide selection . fantastic ! food's pretty good . flatbread was great !
chorizo and eggs burrito freaking amazing ! ! ! nuff said
the food is great , the staff is very nice , everything is just so fantastic ! i love this place !
only good after you go to the bar . sober it sucks . drunk it's great
made a car key for half the price the dealer wanted .
heaven . their famous burgers , fries , and even breakfast .
mike did a good job . he achieved removing stains i never thought would lift from the carpet .
just lost my bachi virginity ! it was awesome ! myagi burger is where it's at ! #bachialoha
great italian food with amazing and friendly service . i'll definitely be back !
always solid . nice atmosphere , not expensive and good food .
my matcha latte and vegan protein muffin were both excellent . definitely will be back soon !
first time here love the food hand made tortillas is the best , will come back when am back in town
bad service and bad shape car stay away from this company
meh . i've experienced better .
three words : chicken and waffles game , set , match . and open num hours to boot .
the best mexican food in vegas the waiters alberto , rigo , miguel are the best waiters in vegas
great store ! i'm starting to really love the henri bendel line !
we had the chicken bbq pizza . it wasn't bad , just not awe-inspiring . we liked the ale , though .
it's num am table of four . didn't get food till num am . with seven people total in the place .
best japanese restaurant in oakville . consistently fresh and delicious with impeccable service .
went there at num num pm and was closed when they were supposed to be open till num pm . very unhappy .
great atmosphere and friendly staff . had a shrimp bowl that was delightful . reasonable prices
a grand " old dame " of a hotel . friendly , efficient staff . well appointed .
and you can get knishes !
easy , friendly and my dog looks fabulous !
love this place ! fast and friendly service is just the beginning . the food is fantastic !
some of the best thai food around ! ! ! you can also bring your own wine / beer , can't beat that ! ! !
ok place . daiquiris are served at room temperature for some reason , waiter says its normal
get the cheese y mas and chips . a little pricey but totally worth it ! tacos are pretty great too !
pizza was good , like the dipping sauce . wings = no good ... quite greasy and breaded ? ? did not like
worth the short ( num ) wait .
dollar taco night also carries the added bonus of $ 2 / drafts . ( includes everything on tap ! )
love the monster slice with home made sausage and roasted mushrooms . sour dough crust is the best .
good food slow service . pizza , macaroni and cheese , chicken sandwich .
of course , the cuban sandwich and the cheese stuffed , bacon wrapped , jalapenos are a must .
good gelato but definitey not the best ive had . the strength of the flavors just isnt there
great food and excellent service . everything on the menu is fantastic
stan is a real pro ! he takes time to make sure he does a good job ! !
if you want a gyros that is exactly like greece ... this is the place to come to . it's so perfect .
packed but great service ! left la bocca across the street because we couldn't get served .
good breakfast . french toast is great
really fun if it was closer to henderson mh wife and i would probably go here weekly .
lindsey and karen very friendly , warm fun place to eat
just ate here the food was delicious , service and ambience great i couldn't be more pleased
love this place ! customer service excellent and pho is great ! really tasty spring rolls too !
small family owned and operated place with good food at great prices ! give them a try .
watch your purses ladies ... my phone was stolen here
no restaurant
wings were amazing.pizza amazing ... overall a great place . when ever i am in tempe we stop in
food came super quick ( chili chicken ) .
great value
not good food . was served cold , the service was bad too .
i used yelp to search " farts " in las vegas , nv and this place came up first , haha . that's awesome .
i liked it ! but it gets started late ... the bathrooms are beautiful ...
what a lucky find . each and every dish was beautifully prepared with fine subtle tastes .
number one breakfast place in laval . better quality better service then all the others .
awful return policy here , find a target that isn't greedy and nasty like this one . yuck !
my new go to restaurant in the nw . great service . nice variety on the menu , and terrific food .
the great food sinful macaroons and friendly staff keep me coming back ! pumkin macaroon is my fave !
love this place , and everyone is so nice , the owner is very social and makes everyone feel welcome
best indian food and buffet in az . frequent customer ... great food and friendly people .
decent sandwiches , and a great price for the area . in kind of a run down strip mall though .
i love the baby back ribs they fall right off the bone ! order them trust me !
elite , organized , clean , secure , motivation , positive ... overall a great place
nice place to have a beer in the summer ! good menu
i love this place . i mean it's downtown . open late and a great place to dance .
the food was good and lots of it . you may want to consider sharing a dish with someone .
no complaint the food was excellent , the waitress zach r . great person and his service the best .
thai basil is most likely the best thai food restaurant in town . the pad thai is delicious !
nice place , fun vibes , you're here for the view , right ? ! the food and service are good , too .
awful .. waited num mins and got a text that my table was ready and it wasn't ? ? very unorganized !
chicken panang is always hot & fresh ! excellent sauce with great balance of spice & coconut
really delicious food ! we enjoyed the pancit and lumpia most of all . will be going back for sure .
great hangout and lounge spot ! the olive plate appetizer was amazingly tasty ! great wine selection
food is just ok . very cold--needed to keep my coat around my shoulders . service poor .
not a very good hotel . i would not recommend using their spa . not worth the extravagant money .
they're pretty good but i like indian oven even better . very good customers service that for sure !
fantastic bar . great beer selection . best wings in town hands down . service is friendly and quick .
beautiful spa great service wonderful people definitely coming back highly recommend them
great place for my boy with spd , the hairstylist took her time and listen to my hair cut request .
rawco taco salad . yum ! this place is so cute and i can't wait to go back . love their mission .
very nice customer service . kind staff , good selection of crafting items . thumbs up to this store !
lobster and strip steak fabulous . best manhattan in town
the employees are awesome , just like their tuna sandwich ... mmmmmmmmmmmm ...
this is some knock off . not the real deal . sub par compare to the original ding tai fung chain .
terrible . get your pumps ' printers working so we don't have to waste time going in for receipts .
this place is awesome ! will now be my go-to for my authentic italian deli needs and comfort food !
wonderful food , friendly staff . truly a hidden gem .
very poor service . even let us to calculate the payments details ! it was just a simple separate .
ahi tuna sandwich and fish tacos were bomb ! ! ! recommend ! !
brought my ipad in with a thin crack and they were able to fix quickly . good customer service .
not a bad theater make sure you come during the week you will have the theater to yourself
howard is so knowledgeable and willing to share information . amazing job , thanks !
everything just taste either meh or bad . they really need to put a gosh darn chipotle in the area
great gelato ... we will certainly be back ! ! the salted caramel and coffee was the bomb ! ! !
if you order anything more than appetizers and expect a quality meal , you'll be somewhat let down ..
amazing chinese food ! cool staff seems dedicated to serving the very best !
a nice park bit needs more trails on the other side ... especially near burtnamthorpe rd bridge .
great place go there often ! great green curry with ship ! the sashimi is also very good .
salmon belly and blue fin tuna nigiri ... yes please ! num pieces ? wow !
this place has great dosas . small hole in the wall , but those are the best finds !
great little hole in the wall mexican food ! i had their chicken tacos , very good , very friendly !
nice people , good food , cheap , this is a great place .
love this place ! so good ! nom nom nom ! ! ! love the amount of veggie friendly options they offer !
love the chill vibes . healthy menu options for breakfast or lunch .
clean and reasonably priced . the registration line is extremely slow .
great owner and terrific work ! would highly recommend if you need a few of your hairs did !
place is somewhat friendly and food is okay , go for the wings . don't have too much fun though
i needed my elvis halloween costume tailored and they did a great job for cheap would use again
on time , professional and did the work in a speedy manner ... can't ask for anything better . carl
place is ok . super busy and the staff is friendly . food takes a long time , though .
don't come here no coffee for over num minutes waited in line change menu to no potatoes or oatmeal
+ helpful instructor with timely assists
any place that has coffee and custard filled crullers is going to have a warm spot in my heart
2 michigan's with cheese , fries and a bottle water $ num ouch served extremely quick .
the bomb ! been here multiple times and haven't had a bad experience yet . reasonably priced .
beautiful store
great fresh flavorful food and great service . also good , smooth coffee . i'll be back with friends .
not fresh . not yummy . probably worst i had . and we tried twice in case it was a fluke . it wasn't .
truffled hangar steak is amazing . great service and awesome atmosphere !
place is horrible it smells like cigarets smoke penetrated . out dated and nasty
best sushi place in toronto ! ! fresh sashimi from japan , two thumbs up ! excellent customer service !
really good . the calamari was the best i've had in a while . bring your own wine though .
ruth's chris is terrific in every way . service , steaks and ambiance were outstanding .
highly recommended ! ! ! :
use this location often , love the online ordering , never had a bad experience ..
clean , nice , good ambience and hair stylist is good . will come back soon
good bourbon choices and great burgers . have to try the root beer wings ! great homemade pies .
awesome pistachio and dulce de leche . customer service could improve , and prices are outrageous .
love this place ! super fresh udon ! ! hot dragon udon is a must & pork belly udon is bomb too !
white chocolate raspberry cup , chocolate peanut butter bar , burnt almond torte , oh my !
ok food , nothing spectacular . good casual food on the lake . would visit again , but average .
good gawd this is yummy ... best steak i have ever had ... seriously !
und die netteste bedienung die ich kenne !
we went and the service was slow and our food was wrong . i won't go back .
the food was okay . overpriced , but at least there's unlimited soda refills .
how is it that you don't deliver somewhere less than 2 miles away ? pretty stupid if you ask me .
this is the worst chipotle ! can't order online without a tediously long lag time & parking sucks .
this place is awesome ! i love the daily special because the price is awesome but so is the flavor !
american kobe filet ! ! ! life changing ! don't pass it up !
awesome coffee ! each time i go there the staff is extra friendly . i highly recommend !
best burrito in town hands down . friendly service too ! love the pulled pork burrito .
this location is now closed .
the taste is okay , but it's a bit pricy . maybe because the location nearby scottsdale ?
incredible beer and food ... terrific service ... fantastic atmosphere . you must eat / drink here !
cold food , dirty restaurant , lousy service . i'll spend my money elsewhere thanks .
another wonderful experience at freeway chevrolet , thanks to lisa for her help ! !
loved the gyro , friendly staff , great location and affordable prices . will definitely return .
love the gluten free products and seasonal items .
best auto repair for german vehicles .. honest and reliable . you can't go wrong with perry !
great location in new scottsdale's newer retail shopping center . decent coffee .
good food , good drinks , friendly staff , kinda pricey but worth an occasional splurge !
delicious ramen noodles . the staff is very friendly and it has a nice cozy atmosphere .
great experience ! aubrey was very knowledgeable and professional . will definitely be going back !
fresh sashimi , reasonable price . i've been a regular customer for two years .
greatly enjoyed the inexpensive lunch menu .. fresh and delicious
love the green corn tamale and black bean salsa . rather pricy though . but one of my faves !
love how they give you free samples . the workers are always friendly and helpful . love this place !
good service fast and best popcorn ! !
really good food and service , cheap price . highly recommended bbq . unlimited soft drink .
excellent meal and a great break from the usual stuff on the strip . delicious bimbimbap and bbq .
good food . atmosphere is a little dark and outdated though . delivery always takes over an hour !
i upgraded my review from 2 star to 4 . the customer service improved drastically . congrats .
stopped in here and had some great ice cream . not too much to say , except it was great .
customer service is horrible here . joyce was rude and dismissive . common courtesy goes a long way !
i love that they pick you up and drop you off right at your car . great service every time .
great sangria , cute causal ambiance , yummy salsa and great portions . what is there not to love !
they have really friendly service & great prices . i love the crispy rice jalapeno salmon . delicious
haircut , massage and a beer ... beats the chain shops .
this place is great . the owners are amazing people and my stylist tori is super awesome !
very good ... the concept is strange but i do love their food and drinks :)
got a pedicure today . everyones friendly . super clean . will come back !
great food .. excellent biryani , chicken tikka and naan & chicken num . good customer service .
rose was lovely . gave me a great well needed pedicure . fantastic service , very happy .
had a blast on friday evening at the spur . great entertainment and just overall a lot of fun ! !
prime rib special is a steal with soup or salad bar and great desert cherries jubilee is to die for
friendly and great service ! they normally do an awesome job . love how they play movies !
service is a bit annoying but it is a great place to kill some time and spend some money
this place is dang good . get the buffalo mac it's the bees knees and will leave you wanting more .
great little mexican food restaurant ... long waits . yummy comida
this is a great sports bar for drinks and food . i highly recommend it !
after trying a few different barbers in the valley . i came across camelback barbershop .
poke nachos , spicy tuna roll and two orders of deviled eggs make the perfect dinner for two !
this place is great . they're blt is a favorite and the shrimp and grits are out of this world !
the apple cider donut was amazing ! didn't even notice the difference ! !
basically ... nothing here for the vegetarian . too bad . it's a nice place , great location .
really trendy , cool place . a great late night scene .
great : yellowtail tartar & eggplant & ravioli
amazing place to hang out with friends . nice food , great quantity and i loved the ambience a lot .
average lamps store . it is a good place for purchasing lamps . slightly expensive at times .
delicious . great menu , tuna salad is incredible .
awesome experience and wonderful food . highly recommended if you're staying at the hard rock hotel .
lovedddd it ! ! ! got my husband her first father's day gift there ! he's a true beatles fan !
this was our second time and we continued to be impressed with the service and taste .
don't let the back alley location deter you . great burgers and craft beer selection !
the decor and plates were certainly a blast from the past . food was mediocre at best .
i got my waxing in first nail salon.judy did perfect job ... price is reasonable
so many melt choices ! love the fun kitchy atmosphere , huge portions , and delicious food .
great place to take the little ones for a movie if they can't be quiet :)
got a decent hair cut with paul . he was very sweet and pleasant . they serve cold beer to guests !
overpriced on a lot of things , but open late and the salted caramel brownies are delicious !
nice little coffee shop to hang out in by southside works . i like it .
no chicken fingers or chicken nuggets for the little ones .
i like to try out the pancakes of the day ussually really good
i love this place . great food , friendly people and super fast service . best tzatziki sauce around !
my absolute favorite place to grab pizza . perfect ny style pizza you fold in half to eat . my heart !
the yam tempura ( sweet potato tempura ) was really good ! had the chicken katsu donburi
their el champion burrito was very delicious !
slooooow service . num min just to get a water . food was mediocre at best and over priced .
very reasonable prices on cigars and the staff ( sam ) was a gracious host . chill spot to relax .
best food and decor will be back soon holly in san diego synergy world
slightly disappointing ... definitely a lower quality restaurant with average at best food .
loved fishers ! great bar food . nice people . roomy booths . who could ask for more ? !
this food was amazing their gyro and jasmine rice hit the spot !
great food sweet and sour chicken balls . two thumbs up !
the workers here are efficient and friendly . tables and chairs are clean , and its always delicious .
i love the breakfast fontiago sandwich and the christmas coffees always my favorite place
mochi mandu soup for a hangover . point blank period .
great place and open weekends ! woo hoo
the correct contact number for owner : kevin s . num
great place for a fresh decent feed and coffee along with a chilled vibe ... aussie approved !
delicious options for vegans and meat eaters alike . service was phenominal and food was worth it .
didn't really care for the dish i ordered but loved the fried green tomatoes and onion rings .
been back twice and love their filet mignon and scallop entrees . super great view and great service
great job , great service , affordable and showed up on time . property looks super clean .
one word : amazing ! ! marta's pierogies are the best in the city . great old style cooking .
clean and great service ! the fruit is fresh and there are a lot of flavors to choose from !
friendly staff and very clean .
the chicken wings gave me food poisoning . will avoid in the future .
exceptional service ! chris hess , our sales rep , was phenomenal ! got us in and out in under 3 hours !
this place is a good reason to skip subway for lunch and grab a quick sandwich from an actual deli .
yum ! not much to say . clean , neat , friendly place .
cons - cash only and spotty service
greasy spoon . not the cleanest place around . grab your order and get the hell out .
love this store . they could care less that my daughter runs around like a maniac in it .
solid beer in a very fun spot ! recommend highly .
delicious and light tasting veggie fajita . huge portions , def going back .
in the mood for a flame broiled burger ? this is the place . great burger and exceptional fries ...
cute spot and staff is hilarious ! i had a blast last week and can't wait to go back :)
ok food , fair service . empty at lunchtime is a red flag .
i did't have mane expectation and was pleasant surprised !
new to the area and was very helpful in setting up a new account for us . thank you .
excellent fresh seafood . good vegetables . good service . best place to eat on waterfront .
the best pizza hut we've ever been . the manager is super nice and the pizzas are amazing !
this place is mad nice , had me spending all my money tho ... it was worth it
the peri chicken with lemon is fantastic . you can taste the smoke .
i had them clean my down comforter . the owners were really nice and the prices seemed good .
comfort food with finesse . nice change up for us locals tired of fighting strip traffic .
service at freeway chevrolet is easy , breezy . their customer focus is excellent all around !
best mexican food i've had in a while . i just wish their tortas were bigger .
the worst experience ever , stay away from them ! they are the biggest scammer in vegas !
best asian market in vegas ! i love getting all my korean food here .
really good food ! they have a patio upstairs where you can hang out . beware of wasps though !
wonderful show full of great acrobatics , dancing , and of course music ! so worth the money !
sammy's has excellent all you can eat fried cod on fridays . seriously best we've ever had ! !
great place to meet friends . the have a lot of options on the menu . try the lamb chops .
very unprofessional . i've never seen anyone worse at their job than these people .
good food . the veggie gyro was good and the fries were just amazing .
this place had the grossest pupusas i have ever in my life experienced ! yuck . skip it .
i love this place very clever way of ordering . a bit pricey but , once in a while i treat myself .
service 2 stars ! food 3 stars ! second time eating here with the same experience - average !
good sushi , reasonably priced and rather quick service . that's about all you can ask for ...
delicious breakfast & coffee . fresh ingredients , gluten-allergy friendly restaurant .
great place to go for thai food . good quality , authentic , tasty , and reasonably priced .
good pizza and service but didn't really blow me away .
the buffet was amazing ! ! loved their butter chicken .
everything on the menu is delicious ... fish taco is my favorite . great service and friendly staff .
wonderful service , great food , overall highly recommended ! well worth the trip off the strip .
a great hard rock to go to ! same fun merchandise that the chain has to offer .
good food ... cool concept ... lots of variety ... but $ num for a " to go box " ? ? really ? ?
these guys came in and did an amazing job on our carpet . very professional and on time ! ! !
this place was very good . delicious pizza , very good service and relaxing environment .
dont know how anybody can eat cheap cold cuts and soggy sandwiches but this place is awful !
surprised to see so many children sitting at the bar at least no one was smoking at the same time
great place ! calm relaxing great service and food was good ! definitely will return !
our favorite place to visit when in lv ! highly recommend the truffle fries or the gooey fries !
good job ! !
delicious food , affordable prices , friendly staff . this is my new favorite restaurant !
bottom of the barrel . i would not even eat here if the kgb escorted me here by gunpoint .
best thai food in charlotte area . i love the food here . the quality is very good as well .
always very friendly and courteous . fair priced , and i will definitely recommend them to everyone .
its nice to know there are still honest mechanics around who care about customer service .
love love love my coop . great produce and they provide my weekly fix for red curry tofu . yum .
i wish it was cozier inside but i have never had a better latte
listen to num ! ! good oldies tunes :-)
great environment great food , really big chakos compared to the other ones in the gta .
very friendly and helpful staff .
i got sick eating this food .. dont eat here .. my wifes co workers had the same experience
the best drunchies ! ! ! open until num for food . don't deny this greatness in your life ! ! !
a fun place to go with very friendly staff . definitely attracts an alternative crowd !
a plus service by a wonderful mexican family . don't forget to have dessert , it is the best part .
not bad for my first thai food experience ! comfortable place . may try other dishes later ~
horrible customer service , it takes forever to get seated , the servers are lazy and slow .
drunken noodles were great ! will be returning . maybe on a weeknight - long wait to be seated .
played house music outside the entire friday night . cheap tables and a great view though .
i had a unique business card i needed recreated and jakprints got it right !
terrible meals . decent wonton soup . we will not be back .
i really appreciate the time taken to discuss options for me and my sensitive skin . thank you .
the breakfast bake / skillets are tremendous and well priced for how much you get .
just a solid chipotle . nothing but good experiences here . much better than the one in middleton .
excellent food , friendly staff , relaxed but nice atmosphere . we will definitely be coming back .
the food is delicious . their service is courteous and polite . i would come back again .
will definitely come back !
boiling crab is the spot for my pounds on top of pounds of shrimp and oysters . i love this place !
burgers were mediocre . did not taste fresh nor did the fries . food is way over priced !
price gouging num for a chinese buffet that was less then average . capitalism meets gecko
we visit here all the time , and always get the spring rolls ! really good food , and great service .
went for the brunch buffet . good value for num . would visit again .
i normally go to the place on camelback ... i'll never come back here . horrible .
came to see prof and it was all amazing ! the drinks were on point and the bartender was so nice .
great urban clothing for men and women ! a must see in vegas ... upscale boutique meets the streets !
this was my second time coming here . pretty decent food i'd recommend the southwest eggs benedict
i live in waxhaw great food great atmosphere their service was supposedly love this place ! ! !
over a num of them
still love this place no matter what others say . i think they have great expresso .
everything was bomb ! ! happy hour has some good items on the menu as well ! holler at the dessert
pricey , but good . everything on the menu was pretty unique . definitely get the cheesy fries .
the atmosphere was amazing matt matelko and jon berg were amazing live to see them again ! ! !
i have been seeing kacy for almost num years now and i think she does the best job ever on the nails
awesome spot . delicious food and a quiet , relaxing retreat from hotels and conferences .
don't forget to ask for pickles !
daily specials ! tuesday's are $ 4 for everything on draft ! drinking prairie christmas bomb ! delish ! !
such a great place ! good time with great people ! love the bartenders ... dusty is amazing !
oh my god ! mouth watering amazing place ever ! very clean , very tasteful and very friendly
parking is tough . otherwise loving it !
excellent service and food . seafood well prepared . wonderful cowboy ribeye . tasty salads .
this is my new favorite sushi place.good ambiance , great service and very fresh food .
it's good if you are old and don't have taste buds or real teeth
efficient
clean , great staff and sunday hours ! ! ! only con is that is is a little expensive for long trips .
will return for more ! !
atmosphere is nice , we felt it was a little pricey for the food we had.service was good
average food , model looking staff . not worth the price tag !
i tried this . good location , but overrated . tastes like cardboard . come on , man . make it better ..
absolutely love this place . great food with great service ! ( thank you courtney ) . highly recommend
i go and and think this will be awesome , but it is just pretty good . it is a solid choice .
ehh , good but butterfields down the road is a much better option .. still worth the trip
always good food and attentive service . it does get quite busy during peak hours !
good tonkatsu ramen . there was a large selection of sushi . light on the hot entrees though
their children's manicure / pedicure costs $ num . would not recommend .
loved our birthday balloons . fast and stress free ordering process , super friendly service !
they have drive thru and are fairly quick for cooking pad thai ! definitely recommended !
good , fresh , tasty , abundant , good value . say , " hi " , to micky .
fantastic service ! both nail techs were so accommodating and funny . they did a great job !
this place was quite the find while visiting pittsburgh . loved my wagu burger and fries .
the library is beautiful but security is retarted strict lol
very nice place and wonderful staff . will definitely be my regular go to from now on
by far the greatest thing to have ever graced my mouth . amazing general tso's chicken .
i love breakfast in particular ... the skinny pancake with lemon marmalade is amazing
best mango salad ! love this place , never disappoints ! will be going here more often !
obsessed with their pizza ! so good . oh , and their cheese bread . yum . staff is nice too !
my favorite gas station . the employees are all super friendly and their gas is the cheapest .
they are no longer at the fashion show mall :( i only know of the one in the cosmo now
the food was okay . the service was average , not friendly , but not rude . the place appeared clean .
slow and rude service , with undercooked pizzas . avoid this and head on over to papa johns instead .
cute little place with super nice staff . choice of seating , great prices and nice diner atmosphere .
fast service , mor a very wide selection of food , this place could have a better coffee quality
murders , robberies , drugs , drug dealers , prostitutes ... don't stay here esp if you have kids .
pros : one of the best wings i've tasted
good food you get way more than you would expect . and bull riding ! always a fun time !
i loved it here with michael and vicky ! they're the best ! i'll definitely coming back !
made an appt online , the staff was excellent . quiet but hey ... that's sometimes good !
sorry . 3 day old rice . food was cold and the wings were stale . i won't be back .
unfortunately this place is closed . the last non-starbucks in surprise .
good atmosphere , greasy cupcakes . good coffee , crappy customer service .
great food , ok ambiance , good service , not expensive and good portion sizes . will visit again .
food wasn't too bad . i've certainly had better thai food . service was awful .
the food is ok . disappointed in the war wonton soup . too salty . the portions are ginormous .
das sind wirklich die besten burger in der stadt ! ! !
really great ice cream . probably one of the best . that's the soft serve is . it is really creamy .
cant go wrong with this place specialy if you need a family eat out spot .
best meal i've had in ages with all the sheer comforts of home ; hearty , tasty , good for the soul .
elote ( corn app . ) is awesome here . ambience is colorful and fun .
huge onion rings ; huge portion ! ! ! great tasting chicken burgers ! i'll be back for sure ! !
best pizza ever . the holy shitake is to die for . great drink specials and nice bartenders
we received great service from a nice german lady working there . the eggnog late is stellar ! ! !
raw noodles . unfriendly staff . just that simple
food is pretty good ! they are rice nazis there so make sure you eat your rice .
sizzling chicken plate filled with cartilage and tiny bones ... not mentioned on the menu !
wonderful shop , friendly staff , great coffee with people who know how to truly make it .
very friendly service . great range of bikes and biking accessories .
i can only imagine what chicago is like ... my first time ever going and i'm in love hunny
great place to have authentic philippine food . karaoke & dance floor too ! awesome service .
friendly my go to auto service .
fast medical service great staff come in get served great selection 5 stars my favorite spot
num time here and i already love it ! ! good stuff and very friendly :) and i love my nail ! ! !
tori is the best nail artist ever ! she truly has a talent and there is no one else like her around .
very tasty and juicy chicken and mushroom xiao long bao . sesame soy noodles were also good .
great food , and the loganberry is awesome , but the fries could be better
shared the hummus & pita , gyros and dolmas . really enjoyed everything for a great late lunch .
pumpkin pancakes are the bomb diggity ! !
just ok nothing special . live around the corner probably won't be back it ain't my thang .
authentic italian food . tasted just like the one in nyc . would highly recommend this spot .
might be a decent business but having to confront a roid rage racist is not worth it . no thanks !
my lashes always look awesome ! ! also waxing is painless . been going to carolyn for years ! !
iced coffee and the scones are a beaut ( as is the interior space ) . highly recommended .
great cold subs , but i will take penn station over this any day !
for $ num & a signed title , they said they would tow away my car .
best place to watch a concert in vegas ... by far ! food and customer service was exceptional !
love the ahi tuna salad and the french onion soup ! great happy hour prices as well !
no problems . went smoothly
great food ! nice variety of choices !
amazing beef soup . everything tastes great . best thing i discovered was milky pepsi ! !
good happy hour menu . food is average , whiskey list is decent .
great food and service . on the expensive side , but worth it for a nice evening on the town .
definitely great placed for dessert , food here is pretty decent
probably best pizza in town . food and wait staff were great . wish they took reservations ! !
i like this spot - its a cozy dive bar .
large portions , great take-out and delivery service . love the kung-pao and the s & s chicken .
food here is great ! nice atmosphere and great service . affordable for a waldorf astoria resort .
awesome indoor facility with a professional courteous staff .
donuts were yummy , coffee was good , place was clean and service was good . will be back for sure .
great beer ! ! but also great tasting cheap food . the musturd is imported from germany and excellent .
friendly staff , clean facility , reasonable prices ... very good .
well worth the drive out from toronto . very tasty and excellent service .
great location . angela is the bomb ! outstanding service .
best sushi in mesa ! service is incredible as is the food ... fresh , flavorful and reasonably priced .
best margaritas in town ! ! ! a big thank you to jovany and serena for your hospitality ! !
great food and great beer selection . the fish and shrimp basket is awesome !
awful customer service , rude employees , damaged products . avoid this place at all costs .
so good ! excellent rolls , amazing staff and great atmosphere . i'll be coming back again !
the sour cream and lettuce on my chicken tacos were unreasonable cold . one star !
i will definitely be returning to luciano's ! i loved the ambiance , antipasti board and the service .
clean , quiet , fireplace ... loses point for no electric outlets
yummy tofu pad thai ! a lot better than most other delivery thai options !
friendly atmosphere
easy drive thru , never really backed up . tellers are quick and efficient
small nice diner . good food - although the burgers weren't the best i've had . good prices .
good wraps , great pizzas . decent beer selection . awesome bartenders .
good times . the best workouts i have in the week . i always look forward to these events .
ali's is the best and the # 1 spot for those after the caribana parade !
cheap tic's , good service , cheap tic's , salty popcorn , cheap tic's , clean bathrooms , cheap tic's .
good burrito w fresh ingredients . nice and spicy , good service !
the food inside victory cafe in the cannery is horrible ! low quality food !
not bad ... the restaurant.com coupon helped make this 2 star restaurant into a 3 - star .
two words , almond buzz ! try it , you will get hooked !
i have not one good thing to say about perkins except that it is finally closed !
i love the lava lounge .. my favorite is the spelling bee on monday nights .
best place to take your fur baby for cremation . i loved the staff and the whole experience .
amazing home cooked thai food basically ! love the drunken noodle chicken and shrimp
love portofino's great food and good size portions
awesome store ! the employees were super helpful and the store was easy to navigate .
best grilled cheese i have ever had ! can't wait to come back . oh , the service was amazing
good food , huge portions good price . minus 1 star cause they close so early . only open until num .
we live the pre-fix menu for its great value and selection
rubbery seafood
bacon board and apple pie moonshine . nuf said .
super great deli with tasty sandwiches and soups . the blazing buffalo is my favorite .
num carne asada fries ! go mop up the booze that's flooding your digestive tract .
every time we have an appointment here they are num min to 1 num hours late ! don't use them !
more closer to num . good location , the inside was very nice and clean . food was above average .
the food was fresh , the place was clean , a great place for lunch or a snack .
sehr lecker und endlich auch ein restaurant wo scharf auch scharf bedeutet und frische chilis hat .
hip atmosphere , hip employees , hip music , hip location , mediocre food at rockefeller prices . meh .
really loved the cut i got from my stylist . made an appointment for next month !
adobo fried rice omelette is awesommmmmeee
room was hot as hell , the ac man couldn't seemt to fix the problem . .
great pizza . very light and crispy crust . nick , our server , was top notch . two thumbs up .
this is the spot for breakfast or brunch . highly recommended
went the other day for lunch and the lady at the deli was extremely rude . definitely not going back
good food and the company has great people working there . plus they take car of there employees !
beautiful view , best steak i've ever had in my life . def will be going back , very impressed :)
great food , fast service and the coolest tree on the planet .
super nice workers and a reasonable price ! took my puppy there and he came out looking great .
horrible customer service and poor work.would never recommend.stay away ! ! !
huevos rancheros . dry tortilla , eggs done wrong . espresso : week coffee in a little cup . avoid !
top-notch fast casual food in the heart of downtown toronto ! what more can a person ask for ?
one of the best meals i've had on the danforth . great addition to the neighbourhood .
best beer and pub food in arizona . love taking out of towners here for a great experience .
we are from the south and know great barbecue . this barely passes .
the best authentic mexican food there is and the staff are wonderful . they are always helpful
i used to work here and keep coming back because i trust their expertise in eye health .
food was really good . location is a bit sketchy but well worth it . reservations are recommended .
the salesman was very friendly and they were able to repair my shoe the same day ! great prices too !
mauricio is fabulous ! he is a whizz at color and fantastic haircut . i will be back many times !
hate it . horrible . expensive . terrible drinks . rude bartenders .
thank you phil ! !
my second time trying sushi , delish !
i had robin helping me find my dress . she was so helpful ! ! good prizes ! ! helpful staff ! ! !
theres one in my campus and i'm going to state the obvious , but here's ten times better
great barbeque and fast service ! i'll stop by anytime i'm in the area !
outstanding ! you can tell they use fresh ingredients . pancakes were homemade . will go again .
the customer service was not what i expected from a local vet .
excellent service and great brunch . music is a little too loud to have a normal conversation .
not the greatest location but still jack astors quality . great for drinks with friends .
surprisingly very good place . new , clean , very tasty for reasonable price . we will come back .
this place is great ! always fresh fish and a great environment ! love going to all you can eat here .
the yoga classes here are amazing . a great workout and superb instruction .
it should be illegal to serve . 2 oz alcohol and water it down and call it a cocktail , for $ num ...
incredibly slow delivery service . spent hours waiting for food to arrive .
great doctors , the office staff sometimes felt unorganized but glad we chose this practice .
great burgers with a fun twist . casual atmosphere and for vegas it is what you expect to pay .
amazing food , amazing entertainment ! absolutely amazing ! try the chocolate terrarium ! ! so good ! !
great food , great service , beautiful location . don't miss this place ! the sangria is amazing .
says there are open till num num on saturdays , i came by at num and they were closed .
friendly staff ! good food ! great drinks ! we always go to a hard rock cafe when we get the chance .
friendly service ! and oh my ! the custard , it is better than icecream ! love love love !
this place was amazing ! ! prices are great , and the pizza is crazy good .. i will return ! ! !
they did an amazing job , extremely professional and took all the stress out of my move !
the food is very bad . it looks and tastes so cheap . i would not recommend this place .
very friendly service , good food , and very nice portion size . we really enjoyed eating here .
great sushi . fast service . very good atmosphere .. will come back . thanks sushi kee . .
after you've had fukuburger , no other burger tastes as good ! hands down the best in las vegas
fried pickles were the bomb dot com !
this is a great organization . professional but friendly . expect honesty and excellent results .
the final frontier . to boldly go where no man has gone before ... bed , bath and beyond .
libretto is stands as # 1 for me and my friends . pizzas here are smaller and have too much crust .
will definably be back soon . nice quite location , friendly staff and clean bathroom .
i've had better service in another city ...
yummy food and great atmosphere . especially love the little patio for taco tuesdays !
one of the best fish frys i have ever had . our waitress was great . i will definitely be back !
good service , good beer , food is large ! a pleasant sunday afternoon .
i had an incredible experience and loved my facial . i will be returning on a regular basis .
freindly staff ... good cheese ... can't wait to try the aftermentioned " # num "
donuts are fabulous . the buttermilk donut tastes like a rice crispy treat . i am obsessed
upscale dining . excellent service , great wine and good quality food . highly recommend !
the longest haunted house i've ever seen .
agent was quick and professional . evaluated the problems and proceeded to correct them . period
best fast food besides in n out ! love this place ! ask for the house sauce and the limeade !
ronnie was awesome , friendly and quick to smog my car , not to mention he looks cool too !
didnt know what to expect . absolutely loved it .
salmon was a good portion . service and prices are not bad at all ! great ambiance and feel .
great rice and black beans . meat was really seasoned & it was delicious !
horrible horrible service
i will definitely come again if i come to vegas
nobu - all i can say is if you want the best sushi of your life , eat here .
have been here twice . wouldn't go amywhere else . colleen is amazing . definitely recommend !
very nice bartenders and delicious drinks . loved that the douche-y aspect of bars was absent .
do not buy gas here . they will take your cash and refuse to pump gas . filing a police report now .
the cook doesn't know how to make poached eggs , over medium , or anything but scrambled .
i had the mexican crepe . wonderful place in the blakeney area . friendly staff and fast service .
outstanding food , great service , great staff . only complaint is the kitchen is pretty slow .
the seasoning sauce really sucks , tastes like water . food choices is ok . wont come back again .
i love my work done by jen ! so professional and made me feel super comfortable . extremely satisfied
love this place ! was looking for some maternity abu pants and found some in this gem .
good prices with great food ! ! felt like i was in mexico lol in a good way . will definitely return !
rita's custard is like a drug - - an evil , addictive drug . ' nuff said .
was speedy service and the worker was kind . looks like a a nice store , what more can you ask for ?
this is a great place to buy tamales to take home . delicious !
awesome serivce ! ! ! i go here all the time i love it ! ! ! burrito roll is amazing .
always busy , always a full parking lot . be prepared to hoof it . great selection , friendly staff .
don't like the change and no longer get a cookie with the pick 2 . didn't get out receipt .
great food and great service . the chicken enchiladas suiza was delicious !
very busy on a saturday evening . good food , but kind of a limited menu . friendly staff .
worth the wait if there is one !
my partner and i got really sick . had pizza delivered , came cold .
always good customer service , and un beatable for the lunch special with take out salad . it's huge .
finger print scammer was fixed in no time at all ! and staff was real friendly too .
hands down the best shave ice i've ever had ... better than all shave ice in hawaii too ! so bomb
had a quick bite to eat here with a friend . awesome ny style pizza !
very good , low price and great aqua frecas ! ! !
i fell in love with the steamed bum made in there .
they provide traditional american brunch . their desserts are just ok .
dan is the only guy i trust to cut my hair . great service and great cuts , check him out ! ! !
allways great service and great food absolutely no complaints very inexpensive well worth it !
hands down the best pizza in town ! ! ! fantastic pizzas , quick service and very friendly staff !
lol i used to work here it was fun .. customer service sucks ... cute stuff .. crappy quality but cute
i just bit into a staple in my rck original box . sorry but i won't be returning to rck !
cool , small concert venue . bar is decent . some good beer , including some east end
great service ! affordable , friendly and fast ! made my day so much easier ! thank you purrfect auto !
great place to go . average thai for above average prices .
love this place , nice places to shop and eat . nice place to bring out of town visitors and family .
great place for breakfast . num pages of stuff !
decent burrito ! not a great deal of toppings but overall the meat is good and a nice burrito .
* suspicious eyes * your delicious burgers have swayed my opinion of you ... for now ...
no service i never going again the pho no favorites just add a lot msg i don't like that
yummy yummy yummy ! tomato soup and holiday turkey are the best ! ! ! manager is super nice .
! ! excellent staff , store and prices !
great gym they have just enough equipment for what you need to have a full body workout
grinders are good . cinnamon sticks are delicious !
good service and good food . very very grateful to have this restaurant when i am so far from home
great lunch at this place . we have been a few times . great burgers and brussel sprouts .
expensive and crowded .
we had a great time for a birthday party painting fun ! ! !
needed to get keys outside of locked car . dispatcher was nice via the phone . fast and efficient .
awesome food , support local business ! i crave this place , it is delicious !
this place has been great to our 2 doggies ! very comfortable for us and our furry family members !
best japanese cheesecake i've ever tried ! but the wait is reallllly long ... but it's worth it :)
this is definitely one of the best fish taco around ! great value too ... also has a bar ... awesome !
been coming here for num years . it's good , not fancy , and perfect for " comfort " chinese food .
this place has made me a better artist all around . the teachers are very informative and patient .
the penang is out of the world . jungle curry was really good . pad thai was just ok .
surprisingly good and definitely worth a visit if you have to eat in the airport
geht gar nicht . teuer und kein personal . wenig auswahl .
good food and friendly ! a close walk from va . check it out , it's a mom and pop place !
try the ribeye ... it melts in your mouth ! ! so good ... and i'm from texas ... i know good beef . :)
decent hotel and casino . there are some nice attractions if you have kids . dining options are ok .
finest south indian cuisine around ... highly recommended ! ! must try when you get a chance .
fantastic food and environmental conscience displayed . i cannot wait to go back .
love the staff & cakes ! thank you for always being so wonderful & delicious
i love this place . it's not fast food , so be prepared but no doubt it is worth the wait .
love this place ! ! ! staff friendly and food fresh and delicious . you guys franchising ? ? dave b .
always friendly staff , quick service and a pleseant experience .
in my opinion one if the best chinese restaurants in phoenix and the service is always good .
high price for average service . i love aveda but i was not blown away by this place .
perfect place . very calm and relaxing . i come there from boca park , worth the drive !
cockroach dont go here bad experience never again will go to bj asian buffet
hier gibt es richtig gute brezeln - unbedingt zu empfehlen !
longest wait evvvverrrr . seriously . so so long . the chicken is okay but sometimes it's undercooked .
fuckin love the double down . if you're into punk and rock n roll , this is your place !
really really good ! perfect breakfast on a hot summer day . the blended is perfect not to sweet !
dr . hoban and her staff are great ! they are friendly , professional , and i never have to wait long !
so professional they know what they are doing :) they have the best jewelry selection too !
bar area is really crowded given the location next to the stadium , food was good .
this is a very cool spot . neat atmosphere . extensive list of speakeasy-type cocktails .
this place never let's me down . great service , terrific food , free wifi .
love this place , food is always fresh and delicious . staff members are so friendly and welcoming
great mexican food at a great price ! love the happy hour and friendly staff .
yum ... evil noodles were great . next time i'll add a side of rice to add at the end . yummy .
out standing pizza . special if you have a good buzz going . hard to fine but worth it .
i just had my windows tinted at dc auto and was very happy with the work .
nice place and delicious food , and the price is vey fair . definitely gonna come again !
this place is super inexpensive and really fast , great place to take a quick lunch break
overpriced and they stole my ray bans ! epic fail ! !
no real dining room . food is always good though and service is fast and friendly .
$ num whack ass burritos no thanks . they're meat is dry old refried beans i'll pass .
highly recommend
cheap with the meat ! and their burrito fell out twice ... worst chipotle experience ever
picacho pecan pie ale is awesome ! not made often , so get it while you can !
burgers are fantastic ! don't take plastic though - cash only .
hells yeah . haven't had this place since iowa city . best mozzy stix ever ! ! !
excellent service , knowledge and responsiveness . i would absolutely recommend melissa and her team .
i agree with anna c . patty did me an ugliest hairstyle ever , i don't even wanna go out now ...
yummy yummy
go to outback steakhouse , it's just down the street and the service and food are way better .
yummy porterhouse steak . service / value / ambience : num best keg experience .
change of ownership . preferred previous owners & the quality of food before .
best num spot in the area . awesome wifi . great options for breakfast , lunch , dinner , and snacks .
its a very unique space and experience . the food is great and the service is excellent .
best pizza in town ! ! best flavor and also service .
the hot and sour soup is very good . mongolian beef was good also . very good service .
love it , great pizzas and eggplant parm , great people and close to home .. we love brie she rocks !
alright at best staff wasn't very helpful and food took along time for no one to be there ...
food is amazing ! service is mediocre , and no air conditioning . great place in the winter .
a fun dive bar with decent enough good and reasonable drinks .
venetian is one of top places in vegas .
i mean what the actual f ... this place is a hot mess express . put it out of its misery ... twice
outstanding work and outstanding service . the owner treats you like family . i highly recommend .
we finally have a great sports bar in the area ! food is good and atmosphere is great .
great food ! ! being a new yorker , i feel at home here ! the staff is super friendly as well ! !
decent food at crack prices ... dont buy a soda ! $ 5 for a hobbit bottle , no refills-lame
i tried to order food and the person on the phone asked me if chow mein was that noodle stuff ...
amazing ! ! ! the salmon scramble is delicious ! ! ! huge portions though , i suggest sharing .
beds : firm , pillows soft , room comfortable , and service was nice .
awesome food . great beer selection . looking for a place to have pizza and beer .. this is the spot .
way too expensive . food was ok but the building wasnt spruced up and still crappy looking .
enter through blue slide to find dog park , no sign until you get close .
chicken is too fat . go to gallo , one block north if you want really good portuguese chicken .
best place ! super clean and everyone is really nice ! mimi is the best ! :)
sllloooowweeesttt starbucks ever ! ! don't come if you have anything to do . you'll be late
dinner before movie on a friday night . fish & chips just sounds fabulous .
we love this church :-) when we visit vegas we make sure we attend new hope ! thank you
you have to try the salted oreo , dunakroo and the berry cobbler .
good food , great servive but expensive ,
i think i might have become the yelp town crier of closed restaurants . closed is babycakes .
busy place , gotta give em a break
all you need to know . :)
portion size was good but kalua pork was very dry . keoki brand lau lau is always good .
great gyoza ! best in the valley ... the lady in the front is very sweet .. love this place .
decent drink list . above average pizza . great meatballs .
very bad restaurant , impolite employees , it was a really bad and disgusting experience
yummmmmyyyy ! ! ! literally the best chinese food i have had for a looooong time ! ! ! try it
update : i'm updating to 3 stars solely for customer service . i can't wait to go back and try again .
horrible place and management was piss poor . glad it's closed down . eeg stay out of scottsdale ! !
great company . did a great job on my install . excellent customer service
provided an excellent service . on time and very reasonable with price . very professional
to club
pricey restaurants with average food . however , nice location and clean rooms .
their food made me and my brother sick ... don't recommend it unless you want to risk it ..
reasonable prices and quality food .
you know why this place has been around num years + ! ! ! great food , simple and they only take cash .
service was excellent . arugula salad good , but shrimp & grits is excellent ! large portions .
super friendly and helpful ! had homemade spicy chicken soup , very fresh and just the right spice !
we were in the area sight seeing and needed a place to grab a quick bite . this meal was delicious ! !
super great stuff . a lot of the metal stuff is actually made there .
vegetarian with rice . very yummy . !
best place around for a drink and a smoke , by many orders of magnitude .
two things you can always count on here , great coffee and a smile from the staff .
simply amazing in details and taste ! a must for the love of food .
apparently they close because the worker just waved me off sitting on a chair outside .
get them !
fab service great food and nice prices cant say more than that eh . the staff make it what it is
value for money and taste . also really friendly staff . not a fancy place but really good pizza .
always something happening ! ! friday sept num is latin festival . free ! los lonely boys !
tonya is super sweet and the front desk people are very helpful
service is good . a little pricey even for happy hour . too much mayo on the spicy items .
not too quick with breakfast food so be prepared .
my deliverer was fast and nice . this is my go to place when i was some garlic breaded pizza .
food is great , service is usually pretty good . everyone i have taken her has loved it !
these truly are the best tacos around . i have eaten here may times over the last num years !
the i luh ya papi shake is sooooo good ! ! ! the cookies are gooey and really good as well ..
amazing greek food and the employees are always super friendly and helpful ! greekumbers are my fave
lance is the friendliest bartender i have ever met ! great atmosphere and amazing food
vegetarian fesenjaan
best noodle in the city hands down . i come here at least once a week . the pork belly is insane ! !
pizza is my thing all the time . this is some of the best i've ever had anywhere in the country .
nutella latte is awesome . the internet is fairly decent speed . best coffee shop in vegas .
got a groupon no one answer the phone and voice mail not setup saw similar review on yelp ! !
great food and service . my wife and i enjoyed it very much . we will be coming back :-)
coffee took a while to make but it was good ! ! i had a nonfat latte and i'd say it was quite tasty .
a food staple of pittsburgh . i always encourage tourists to stop here .
love it here . close to home . can sit out side and eat ! everyday special is great deal
love this store ! customer service is always great as well . rachel is an exceptional team member !
got an amazing facial here . i have been there for a pedicure and massage in the past . it's great .
baked goods are delicious . service on the other hand is terrible .
but everything else is what you expect from a buffet .
amazing . try the morracn meatballs . while you wait , snack on the beer board . staff is great .
dim sum was ok . chung funn was not good .
nice atmosphere . good music . food was great but a bit more expensive than it needed to be .
what can i say ; it's a grocery store . the cheaper alternative to metro .
tasty ... odd ambiance of num diner with mediocre service but good food ... i'd come again
they are all great and chinda was super cool ! we are so happy ... good drinks and happy times ! ! !
they always do fabulous job . sometimes there is a wait but to me that's a good sign lol ...
do not waste your money and your edges ! ! ! stay away from this messy unprofessional place ! ! !
really good spot . you must be the meat and cheese board ! fantastic !
great subs , excellent staff . and try the bottled root beer ! outstanding for a fast sandwich shop !
great place to watch a sports event and eat the fantastic chicken wings .
great service , clean quiet atmosphere and not corporate .
loved the ambience and service . really enjoyed the food and the setting . will definitely be back
awesome , friendly service ! very attentive and helpful . thank you and great team of employees !
great food , great view , and if you time it right you can enjoy the music and dancing .
great prompt and courteous service . the food is wonderful . they have weekend specials and menudo
awesome drinks and appetizers ! get the dirty chips ! waitstaff was super friendly too !
stopped in for chicken nachos during layover . food was good and tasty . service was very quick .
johnna and hollace are awesome . if you've not been to the shala , i highly recommend it .
went in to get my iphone num screen fixed , great customer service fast and fair price would recommend
i wish i could give this a five star review , but the drink pick - up counter had ants on it today .
best fish and chips . hands down . very good home made clam chowder . excellent prizes and service
the guv ... because sometimes clubbin ' isn't enough , but superclubbin ' is , eh . _c $
food is okay for the price . get the frozen hot chocolate to share !
amazing ! the best mexican food i've ever had ! get the horchata , you'll be thanking me later !
this is a great facility with awesome staff . definitely a clean and welcoming environment .
like this place a lot ! highly recommend mango with sticky rice ... my favorite !
fixed my pc in no time it appeared that it was a hard-drive problem .
the service is excellent , the food was very good and i found the ambiance to be nice and quiet .
yo , the quesedilla is clutch for late and night and this dudes are fast .
the magic bread ( baguette with seasoned olive oil ) and anything alfredo is sooo good .
wish the food had better selection & quality .
good food , great staff , bad location .
commenting on the steak and eggs special , aaron says , " pretttty gooood " .
the best mexican food in vegas , chili verde amazing ! ! ! the best i ever had ...
the best station to put you in a great mood all day everyday !
always the same , good food and good service . nice to be able to count on repeats being the same .
it's all num ! a little pricey but good portions and quality ingredients . definitely coming back !
this place is amazing great coffee minus hard seats and small area it's still so laid back ...
have been here a few times now . food is good but service is sloooow as molasses in winter time .
great little place to eat ! food was good and service was wonderful .
nothing seemed fresh . all the seafood was completely over cooked . place over all seems dirty .
excellent from start to finish ! amazing steak ! the most fabulous service and management !
fast drive through . drink order was right and the associate was friendly and on point .
decent meal , good prices , especially given the surrounding high end area of hotels and queens quay .
great food ! ! sharp deco . quiet as in not too noisy . surprising location : strip mall .
best vegan pizza ever . the vegan calzone is phenomenal also . non-vegan friends love it too .
i recommend this place to everyone . food was good and you can even smoke hookah !
best view in the city , all year round . good for jogging / cross-country skiing .
great food and friendly service , try the combo plate meat . yogurt drink is a must .
service is quick and friendly . i love their french dip .
i always bring my kids here . they do a great job . would recommend them to anyone with kids !
phoenix waited til i moved away to build this place . fuck you , phoenix . now i have to come back .
nice place and nice service just the price is little high er than normal
the pho here wasn't as good as saigon bay although i like that you can customize your pho bowl .
bizarre . unprofessional . revolving door for hair stylists .
great food and nice people ! miraz is a great host !
the food was really good , the wait could have been shorter but that's ok the food was worth it .
hands down best pho in phx
pretty average for poutine . loved the courtyard atmosphere but service was spotty and unattentive .
have used white shark for many years . no major issues . pleasant service . prices are reasonable .
missing 5 stars because they don't have raw sugar for my coffee
i've been here twice and both times i've have found the staff to be " less than helpful " ...
the place looks good but the food ... i will try other place better .
yummy and very creative menu ... beautiful presentation ... love this place !
i love it here ! creative twist to classic thai dishes . great service . beautiful decor !
best pizza in central illinois . and the new location on neil is amazing ! i'll be here so often !
clean salon ! friendly , professional staff . they do a great job .
i love this location and i love the staff ! fav bagel place in vegas
great for a quick slice . vegetarian and vegan options .
unique menu . great taste and healthy . love this place
cozy place with good food ... staff is friendly and the service is quick .. what more to ask :)
yummy pizza . the whole family loves it . they even offer whole wheat pizza .
awesome ! we ate there while on vacation and it was fantastic !
great neighborhood car wash . pre-rinses all cars with high pressure soap and hand dries all cars .
food is good but small portions . margaritas are good
nice people . as good of facilities as dolphin court or euphoria . the owner , pam , is very friendly .
definitely get the " feed me " . chef's choice of their best dishes . had an incredible meal here .
its a good quick breakfast place . you cant beat their breakfast special .
a fine repertory cinema / cinema museum , not to mention the high shrine to quebec film
good cheap greasy food ! cencho fries were awesome . staff is friendly .
great alternative from over priced coffee shop at ti . half the price , double the ambience !
brought iphone in for screen replacement . fast , friendly , and looks great . will use again .
inexpensive , tasty , excellent potions sizes . quiet , yet busy .
have been here twice . very poor wifi . very bad choice for ppl want to hangout with their laptop . :(
by far one of the best sushi places that i've been to great service the quality of fish is amazing
saturday at noon . busy and humming ... food was good , unique tastes and upper end ingredients .
a beautiful place to be in winter ! and the view of montreal is breathtaking !
best place and cheaper prices . nice , friendly , knowledgeable staff . my favorite smoke shop in town .
these are the absolute best cupcakes around ! you will not be disappointed !
so unglaublich lecker ! ! !
go for the white sauce . great crust . they also do good salads , and the guys fries too !
very tasty . waffle cones are a must . can't wait until the new one opens downtown !
beautiful and classic club restaurant right off st . catherine . black cod is a must try .
great chicken tandoori pizza ! it has a lot of meat great taste . excellent service too
john lewis is the best hair cutter / stylist ever ! the executives minthia and aubrey are amazing .
went for lunch , had a chicken club really good . just a really good diner .
prompt reply and great service ! will use their services again ! high recommendation !
the ribs are perfection and pair well with an ice cold beer and pecan pie !
red velvet cake batter and you don't have to feel guilty ...
great host ! this was an unique experience and very cool ! ! !
not only do they have the best food around , but the entertainment is amazing ! thanks sherri !
elyse took care of my concerns . quick feedback ! she turned things around for me .
i was at saffron patch a few weeks ago , the food was decent , the drinks were terrible .
great fast food that won't cost you $ num like everything else does these days in las vegas .
fukuburger is my shit at num in dtlv . see you saturday .
great place to enjoy a lively meal with friends and pricing is fine .
great happy hour chicken sliders to dive for , love the open look .
great prices , lots of coupons available . fresh tasty options .
love this place ! i always enjoy dining here . food is great . service is great . view is amazing !
heard about this place from one friend . service was good but the buffet was not up to the mark .
my favorite hamburger place from the casual modern interiors to the wonderful burgers .
the smoked meat sandwich is simple , but oh-so-tasty . a true treat for the palate !
very hipster-centric place . never had a bad experience .
this place is a dump . it is literally the walmart of pizza . do not bring your family here .
i've always loved this place . my go to is the philly with their fresh squeezed lemonade
great place . i recommend the bone in chop .
the best place to get quality asian food in gta area . i feel lucky we have t & t here .
love this place ! ! perfect for a spring or summer night out . amazing patio . great food and drinks .
excellent burgers . very clean . a bit quiet at num .
great selection . friendly staff but wth ? sizes num ' s and 2 ' s are gone ! :(
steer clear of the chili . it's not very good . sandwiches are still top-notch .
really great ! quality is amazing , prepped on site , portion is decent and reasonable in pricing !
the red velvet pancakes are amaaaaaazing ! adobo fried rice is also a must-have .
i gave 5 stars for the tres leches cake . by far , the best i've ever had .
quick and good quality . i had the coconut curry shrimp and really enjoyed it - pretty spicy :)
cold pbr , hee haw on the tv , merle haggard on the jukebox . ' nuff said
best mexican in town . great food , awesome portions , amazing wait staff .
( here endth the review ! num
fun fun fun . great food , good service , ice cold beer and a ninners bar what more can you ask for .
please re-open soon . today i was reduced to going to hooters for wings . it was terrible .
the food came out fast and was delish . drinks were strong and server was very nice .
bumping the store down a notch for lack of customer service skills when answering the phone .
very good food , nice and quiet . very friendly waitress . was very pleased with my visit .
this restaurant is assome i really like here so clean and fantastic food and services
get the club sandwich that starts with a " b " . it's great ! ! cheese fries are great too !
let me sayyyy . i love this place , it's so close to my house , and the flavors are soooo good :d
the food is just ok , and the waitress messed my order . i would not come back .
food is taste so good , half bbq chicken and half bbq pork.definetely will come back more .
always a good time coming here . cheap and good craft beer on tap .
great prices and friendly service . check steve & tony
nice little mexican place with good and authentic food . lots of parking and very good service .
try their ramen , it is descent , the broth needs more flavors , place is cute , service is on par
authentic italian . our party of num all offered praise for great food . great service .
excellent place and great location , close to our hotel .. food was awesome .. will be back ...
chinese chicken salad and pad thai are both good .
beautiful and tasty food . truely a unique dining experience . special occasion dining .
finally , a pho mymy spot in laval ! more space , open everyday and the pho was consistent as always
enjoy monday & tuesday spaghetti special . a must stop when visiting the phoenix area .
the food is awesome and they have lots of fun activities and entertainment - love it !
even the sides for the lamb steak was very bad .
really nice staff ... good beer selection ... ok sushi
service department made me feel comfortable.very knowlegable at jay buick in bedford , ohio .
very yummy and fresh ! this is my go to place if i want mexican food .
great food & pizza ! come here at least once a week . great service . garlic balls are the bomb !
great selection of regional crafts . thanks for helping the pittsburgher find some great brews !
great food , excellent friendly service , very clean place ! i always come here for turkish food !
jesse is the best ! ! the chicken fingers with hot sauce on the side is my favorite
no beer can chicken anymore . used entertainment coupon . sports bar , watched red wings game .
food was great and our server lexie was very nice . this place is one of our favorites .
best customer service in town ! super polite team at the drive through , especially mark !
i came like 5 times and it was ok . today the bartender told me im latino and i can't go in
good food horrible service our waitress's was super slow and on something very not all there
best experience i had while here in arizona . awesome place.for a haircut friendly staff .
best barber shop in az , been going for num months have not had a bad hair cut yet . thanks guys .
enjoyed : steak frites , bone marrow and service .
had the sunday roast here , very average , it was a reheated frozen meal , won't go bsck
i like to stop here for a illy latte ... i'm a fan !
huge portions - lost a star because my mixed drink was a very light pour . food was good though
pro : good prices . con : the most uncomfortable theater seats we have ever sat in !
fast , friendly , good mexican food . always fell welcome .
yeah it tastes nice but the wait is frequently too long and the product too expensive to bother .
the hawaiian pizza was really good . the place was super busy . would order again from this place .
just what i wanted ; food tossed at me ; liquor poured on me and the wrong order . at best ; annoying
so great ! such a fun stop on my vacation - amazing selection and right near the strip !
at first i was extremely skeptical . but this place is a must try , definitely a hidden gem in vegas .
the lamb shank is really good . the service is really nice .
love this movie theater , too bad sometimes it's a little overcrowded , otherwise it's great
sizzling plate : beef tenderloin ... shrimp fried rice great food . cute intimate place
love this place . their espresso is damn good and it's a great environment to get work done .
one of best late night pizza i had in town ! we need a pizzanova in every corner . hope they expand .
great burgers and the calamari is awesome ! i'm looking forward to trying their pig wings next time !
had a pair of jeans altered . fast , inexpensive and nice work . i would go back for sure .
best burgers in madison ! always good and always fast service ! highly recommended !
my first time today with my wife visiting glow golf . this place us awesome and a ton of fun .
excellent sushi . i had a custom num ( whatever that means ) , and it was great . see attached pic .
service is very good ! ! food is okay , tastes mild and could be lot better . not spicy at all !
i haven't had real good burger very long time ago . i ordered chicken breast and it was great .
stopped for lunch . the croissant egg sandwich was good . the smoked meat sandwich was ok .
still the best in the area . inside or outside on the nice covered patio with tvs . luv the food .
yum ! ! excited for a russian spot in lv ! amazing food and great atmosphere - can't wait to come back
thankxxxx
a last ditch effort at mexican food , an effort only recommended to the truly desperate and patient .
kinda cool ... mostly a snooze fest though ! just drive by ... get a cheesy photo and call it a day ! ! !
great breakfast , good service . we sat outside on the patio and were served right away .
best dealership i've deal with . specially ed salvatierra is amazing !
this place is kicking at num on a friday , holy sheet ! ! hawt bartenders of both gender , go here
food is on point and i love hispanic food . extremely authentic . you will not be disappointed .
tons of selection ! best freshly-squeezed oj on the block !
best sandwich place within num miles of los angeles .. after that ike's takes over ! !
visited this club last weekend and it was epic ! great club and great host ( eric yano ) !
great customer service and good bar food . definitely will be back
very very expensive seafood ! good kind service but very expensive for what your getting .
love this place , great lunch deal for this side of town . fast service and friendly staff .
love this place for its apple pancake ! always a hit . worth every penny .
a great yoga place with good instructions and small classes . great for beginners as well !
great steak sandwiches . make sure to get the side of olives to complete your sodium overload .
mmmm strawberry daiquiri ! ! to die for ... my favorite place to go to over fat tuesday ! bomb !
great service , smooth in-and-out processing , nice car , no hard-sell . very satisfied ...
try the countryside ipa ! great atmosphere , games to play and great outside garden to sit .
nice place to kill some time with the kiddos . lots to do and see , food available throughout .
camping world sucks . their ceo doesn't want trump supporters buying from them . stay away !
cons : far from the strip action , huuuuuuuge line to check in
best poke spot out this way ! spice ahi poke with masago & mayo is my absolute favorite .
it's mermaids swimming in a tank with fish , do i really need to explain it any more ? ?
we really like this place . clean , quiet and the people are awesome .
delicious desserts but the staff is surly and who this day and age accepts cash only ? !
really , really flavorful thai food ! my husband and i loved it .
dr.white is great , very clean and friendly staff . first time dog owner and i highly recommend .
delicious ! fresh pasta , sauce , mozzarella - truly a treat ! and the service was fantastic !
nice helpful service . good deals for cardholders . nice area . knowledgeable employees .
best grocery store i have been to in north carolina . staff went the extra mile in helping me !
health conscious good food . not expensive . friendly casual atmosphere .
best burritos i've ever tasted from nv to az ! seriously can't find anywhere comparable
great deals and prices . good food . open num . friendly service .
good food , good service
great variety of food and the restaurant is beautiful . lots of seating and good service . a + +
very nice place . good wines . having wine flights and paring options would be nice .
the location has changed as of yesterday . location is now num decatur . nice big new building .
outstanding pizza ! i ate the thin crust cheese with meatball . and they deliver . thank you .
food excellent .. presentation of plates very impressive .. nicole the bartender is the best
we're excited to be back ! yaaaaa ! always very happy with marriotts anywhere we travel !
the bouncers are cranky . it's crowded and of all the clubs in fremont this one is the worst .
did win fifty bucks
skateboarding welcomed with their indoor ramp . live music in the basement . this is a place for me .
best boutique hotel in las vegas ! friendly staff beautiful rooms and so close to the strip !
great food ... really good serving portions and friendly service
good poutine . neat place . love the 3 ' tree stump stools .
vinnie did a great job on our home . on time and windows look amazing . would definitely use again .
their eggs benedict is really good !
hot , delicious mexican food ! love this little joint !
interesting menu ... delicious and didn't disappoint ! definitely have oysters & beignets !
great flounder . good atmosphere . steak was ok but a little bit over priced .
being from the east coast it's so wonderful to have a store close by and in the same city .
great place to shop w sahara off num love trader joe's
i don't know how good they are but my wife said they suck ass . thank god i was at work .
the food was outstanding and our waitress was the sweetest . we will definitely return soon :)
this place has great food . we loved the fish and the hush puppies . i also liked the beers on tap .
tried it once ... never again . really not good . i've had better pizza at a gas station !
great local place to stop for ice cream and cookies . their macaroons are so delicious .
great spot to get a casual drink and some good food . bartenders are friendly and laid back .
the food was amazing ! i really liked it even tho you had to go to the counter to order your food
great pizza !
gem in disguise ! this is our new spot . everything was delicious ! service was great . try them out !
come all the way from aurora to get these patties ! ! cash only so don't come with your debt card ! !
the cinnamon roll was perfect for my sweet tooth , warm and flakey .
the green tea with soy milk . is good.this location has great customer service and fast service
roosters is consistently excellent food . the vegetables , especially spinach are really good .
great food with just the right pricing first time here from reviews on yelp will def be back
great drink options and a varied pub menu . i'd visit again on sunday to try out the sunday roast .
perfect for girls night , very cozy atmosphere , delicious food , great cocktails ,
mediocre dim sum . food is prepared fine just lacking flavor . there are better places to eat .
best gourmet burger ever !
very fresh meat and great service ! the only problem is there is too much smoke in the air .
we all enjoyed our good and really appreciated the free cannolis when we joined via text .
amazing gem of las vegas discovered after a day of hiking . friendly service and fantastic food !
great tasting burgers . tried it on a recommendation from a friend . service was excellent .
clam chowder is amazing . the best i've ever had . service needs to step up a bit ...
loved the pedicure i got with hot rocks . really a great job and very fast . i'd recommend them .
great food ! it's nice not to have drive to n . scottsdale for persian . definitely coming back soon .
good food and service . you can't beat the price . reminds me of paquito mas in l . a .
yum , yum , yum . great food , good beer , groovy environment . i wish i lived closer though .
not bad for the price . centrally located in the strip . a long walk to the parking lot to the rooms .
always fast , pleasant , efficient , and fresh . this place does it right !
over priced , small servings and no bread or crackers served with salads . never to return !
well priced delicious sushi . don't have to break the bank . kimchi eel bibimbap is delicious .
premium does not equal top 3 floors . also avoid staying in a room on the num floor .
salted carmel and and butter pecan in a freshly made waffle cone . yum
smoked meat is good if you ask for medium-fat at the very least . hate the staff though ...
this place has a smug problem . you can literally smell the pretentiousness .
we will come back again ...
yuck . low class stuff . what a dump .
my husband and i came in tonight at num pm and they told us to leave because they were closed .
awesome hotel and really nice pools ... recommended ! !
best barbeque i've eaten in years . better than any other local barbeque i've eaten . ole .
small but good menu . jerk chicken , oxtail are great .
der mittagstisch ist immer wieder gut und abwechslungsreich .
the girls are awesome .. i was having a hell of a day .. it turned around real quick .. thanks girls
fantastic food ! i use a yelp all the time , but this is my first checkin . so worth it !
amazing ! great customer service and they know how to make an arrangement ! best in town .
fantastic place ! cant go wrong with any item in this place . quality and favors are excellent !
highly recommend . blair takes great care with my kati .
if you getting tired with all the food in casino restaurant , this is the place you should try
great , fun atmosphere , and good food ! what more could you ask for ? !
solid spot amazing food fun chill environment ! ! dive style and really nice people working there !
friendly and fast ! ! be sure to check in first to get the discount . they are awesome ! !
beautiful hotel , eclectic furnishings , and highly excellent service . especially ricardo !
i ordered lobster fried rice and shrimp egg rolls that was good . i will eat from there again .
not bad . chicken soup is really good and just a nice dinner feel . service is nice as well
jose . rocky . drew . you rock . consistently great . good management .
t go anywhere else .
awesome cuts ! very professional , clean , and neat . the best barbershop in phoenix , hands down ! ! !
one of the tastiest places in vegas ! every dish explodes with flavor ! service is great !
i'm a vegan and still loved this place , drinks were great . very friendly environment .
love it , very yummy variety and fresh made sushi ! ! ! havent been here in years happy to be back
best ever . tons of beef , deep mushroom flavor , salty and rich cheese sauce , total mess . get crunch .
scallops were excellent but the risotto was fairly bland and didn't seem to have any crab in it .
best seat in the house with view of water fountain , good wine , good food n good service .
great experience there fast service friendly staff . would recommend it for all your tire needs .
great food and atmosphere ! the cook was awesome and fun to talk to ! great pittsburgh place !
the salads ... ahhh ... highly recommend the salads !
the soups are also great .
food is good at an ok price . i've had better barbecue , but the food here is decent .
not your everyday restaurant but a fun experience . you really never know what's coming out next !
great food and drink . pints are a bit expensive , but the lines are clean and service is great .
excellent and fresh sushi . i have eaten here many times and it never fails to impress . recommend !
i'll keep the review simple like the bar love it ! ! !
just got off phone w / vicki and all i can say is amazing ! great customer service above & beyond ! !
love this place ! awesome korean chicken and kalbi . yum !
btw , i've had four lexus ' in the past num + years . this is my first bmw and i love it !
5 stars for the tortillas . buy a bag and try to make it home with them ... yummy !
clean place , open area , nice decoration , good food , good service . parking available . many tables .
num stars : 2 hours for a detail and no wi-fi :(
great pizza and easy pick up for carry out service .
great job with the interactive displays . the kids enjoyed seeing science in a fun new way .
mr pib is flat , friday fish fry is great .
best boba place ! ! ! love the drink selection awesome ... taro milk tea with boba the bomb
very good ! for dessert i would suggest the chocolate toffee cake with vanilla ice cream !
love this place ! ! the staff is extremely friendly and handle the animals with care and love .
great service and very honest . i highly recommend using them for your auto repairs .
truly a cleveland landmark restaurant that must be experienced ! great food too .
visit here every time i am in mesa ! ! ! banana pudding is amazing ! ! !
huge slice and drink for cheap .. pizza decent for quick lunch
so good ! refreshing and i love a ' mom and pop ' place to go like this with our family ! good peeps !
delectable fried chicken , collard greens & cornbread ! wishing there was a lo-lo's back home in mo !
dr . nelson and staff very professional , kind , and caring ! dr . nelson came in early to fit me in .
be careful ladies ... word on the street is this is the best place in town to get roofied .
garlic balls and chicken marsala . great food ! pizzas are good and the prices are cheap .
wayne is such a nice guy , and they did a great job with my stained suit pants .
the staff is friendly and attentive ... food is great and portions are big ... love this place !
great lunch buffet for veggievores . reasonably priced , and quite delicious . aloo gobi is a winner .
i've been here several times , although it is a bit pricey their food is delish
great breakfast spot ! casual atmosphere and good food . veggie benny is yum !
salty lattice wrap and kungpao beef . average food that tastes like a $ num buffet food quality .
did really good job , hooked up num in num tv on wall ! ! recommend to anyone ! !
sushi is very fishy ! avoid it ! staff is not very friendly . overall experience disappointing .
reopened again after landlord / lease problems & back on restaurant.com also
my vegetarian status doesn't allow the arizona ranch that i once devoured .
my server angelique was great and absolutely beautiful ... the food was really good too
good pizza could be better but its pizza so i like it no matter what
the best deli sandwiches in the pgh ! hands down ! .. great service and food . first class place .
people are awesome ! food is reminiscent of my louisiana days . the crawfish were excellent !
wine bar is pretty decent and deserts taste good .
i spend hours in this store . sometimes i even crawl in the beds for a nap but i never go beyond .
i used to like mcdonald's but i'm getting older and like other restaurants .
edc num was amazing ! ! the venue was awesome . lots of space and parking .
best crepes in las vegas ! very filling and very delicious ! ! ! definitely stop by this place ! ! !
great dealership , see dominic luciano . great agent . got a great deal on a altima
this place is terrible . the burgers are stale and the bread tastes like it's a few days old .
facilities .. amazing .. therapists .. hit or miss . overall great experience .
texted at num , here by noon , problem fixed in num . happy customer . trustworthy and efficient .
another successful delivery order - the hot & sour soup had shrimp in it ! !
this place is great for breakfast . the food always comes quick and the staff is always friendly .
fantastic atmosphere . intimate yet not stuffy ... unless you have allergies .
the banh mi is great . it's a great lunch spot and the indoor architecture is beautiful .
love this place . love being able to burgers in a healthy way . cole slaw best i've had !
very yummy and gluten free . i like the curry
great bbq . generous portions . you will not be disappointed . try the hush puppies too !
love it .. cheap , delicious and fresh food ..
les burgers sont bons , la poutine est bonne , la musique est bonne , l'ambiance est bonne , 5 * * * ! !
i really like this place great value i always try to eat here whenever in phoenix 5 stars for me
loved the atmosphere ! it's a must if you are looking for a chill yet party spot with good music ! ! !
the food is meh
love that it's urban and so close to work , service was great , food was interestingly good .
excellent---try the lamb noodles .
low prices and wide selection . cafeteria style , easy access from ebling library .
cool concept . hopefully it invigorates downtown phoenix nightlife .
great prices , ok selection , definitely need a bigger space with the traffic they get . nice staff .
thank you alex ! ! fresh oysters .. will be back soon ..
awesome place for breakfast . v . good prices . located inside victoria hotel in the heart of dowtown .
love this resort . awesome pools with a lazy river . great service and very nice rooms .
love everything about this place ! hands down my favorite non chinese restaurant in town !
decent burger , fries were broken and difficult to eat
it's been a long time since i've had legit soul food . this place was seriously off the hook .
leckere cocktails und burger direkt neben dem ufa kino :-) manchmal etwas voll
please improve your margaritas . seriously . what's mexican food without them ? ?
i've been going for years .. portions are somewhat hit and miss , it gets the job done at best .
very professional , very easy to deal with . but , best of all , the carpenter bees are gone !
everything here is fresh and tasty ! i am here weekly . try it once and you will be hooked .
food truck court was closed last fall . no new location has been announced .
nice food but only veg available . i love their shahi paneer . and they have good sweets too
good food , nice ambiance .. love their egg-plant fries and black bean burger ! !
great food and service . louis was great . will definitely come back .
a glorious brewery with some of the best beer i have had in the valley . must try the meat candy !
pizza is great here , bruschetta was good as well . nice environment friendly staff .
still good as they always been , new location is cool . wish they'd bring back carne asada torta .
one of my favorite restaurants . thank you , true foods , for giving me a healthy eating option .
the coffee tasted strong and fresh . the staff is very nice !
stella and company were great ! easy to find . right next to egg n i . smooth transaction .
loved my iced mocha ! adorabl ; e cool spot .
favourite breakfast spot , nice atmosphere and good food . not pricey either .
cool atmosphere , good brews , and they have boba ! also convenient location on college ave .
great pizza and other items . a bit pricey but very tasty
great beer list and fantastic burgers , im a fan
best cheeseburger in whole of pittsburgh ! i have tried many places but this one tastes authentic
renee was great . answered all my questions , was quick and professional with the laser treatment ,
great sushi . fairly priced . music is hard to listen to but overall a good experience every time .
some of the best greasy pizza in the greater cleveland area ...
went here for mother's day . the sushi rolls were excellent . i will definitely return !
the burritos are the bomb ! ! the fish tacos are really good . the salsa's are hand made .
great food ! ! the staff goes out of there way to make sure you are a satisfied customer .
great supermarket ... has most foods that you need from around the world at really good prices
best korean bbq definitely my favorite spot to eat so many selections . always satisfied !
great atmosphere where everyone is welcome . trinkets are a plus too . always a fun time
red velvet pancakes is so good ! ! ! it has so much flavor and the syrup is just right .
nice little casino , went here for raiding the rock vault
the duck poutine pizza was difficult to approach , but well worth the mess that i made .
yup , i love this place . pizza's are great sizes with nice topping portions ...
an okay alternative for breakfast on the weekend . great view of the cleveland from outside .
fantastic building . love the staff & gym & building & neighborhood !
it is a very nice thai place in charlotte , prolly the best too
loved the food and the patio ! friendly staff and good overall vibes . will definitely go again .
awesome staff ! ! always willing to work with you . as gentle to as possible .
good stuff ... not going to change the world but if you love sushi , check this place out for sure ! !
it's okay . not bad , always busy so you never know what your food or service will be like .
decent car wash . sometimes they do a great job . sometimes they don't . i think that says it all
the food was okay but nothing really stood out . nice that they have hot sake ready at all times .
mold on grape tomatoes after opening , and expired yogurt all in one trip .
such a delicious place for big breakfast / brunch / lunch meals ! perfect for families and groups .
fantastic food ( coming from a family of koreans ) and great service . i'll definitely be going again .
affordable , big area to play in . basketball room and computer room upstairs .
free entrance if you print coupon from their website
donuts were great .. staff was surprised that i didn't want coffee . the brownie batter was soo good .
can't get enough ! everything is delicious and doesn't feel heavy ! i could eat here everyday .
love ... the lattes ! rich and creamy ! mmmm ... ham and cheese croissants are also delicious !
bon muffin ! ! ! succulent
what a great restaurant . amazing food and plus they have corn hole outside
slots are fun put in $ num , left with $ num . quit when youre ahead
raku is exquisite and delicious . japanese food presented passionately without compromise .
great food and nice people.it is a small place . great gyros
nice laid back atmosphere with friendly staff . well stocked merchandise .
awesome gyros ! big portions . i definitely recommend olympic if you like gyros !
i use them very often , great service , great way of saving money and stress free ! :)
it's a store . they sell stuff for $ 1 . they call it dollar tree . ingenious .
toasted smoked salmon bagel for breakfast is excellent .
great fast food at a good price ! the chicken is always fresh and i love the canes sauce .
der bahnhof ist schon arg in die jahre gekommen . essen und trinken ist aber o . k .
amazing middle-eastern food . fresh vegetarian dishes too . i will definitely come back .
popcorn shrimp & the dirty bomb smoothie-yum & next time i'll try fish balls & the nuclear
very reliable , quick fast and inexpensive - i can guarantee you will be happy
delicious pizza . unfriendly staff . deliciousness of pizza outweighs unfriendliness of staff .
great salad selection , cucumber-mint juice is perfect for summer ! staff is super friendly ! !
dirty ! i mean really filthy . old equipment . nastiest laundromat i have ever seen .
wish there was a minus star rating . one of the worst experiences of my life .
great wings , beers , bartenders . hit it up this neighborhood joint , youll be happy you did .
awesome food ! the owner was very nice go try out the crepes it's amazing ! ! ! mm mm mm
my partner wants to fly back to pittsburgh just to get more of their waffles .
excellent sushi with great service . reasonable prices too and the lunch menu is delicious .
a great place ... quality of food ? excellent ! service ? fantastic ! ! cleanliness : superb ! ! !
great food , friendly staff , decent atmosphere . only bad comment is that it is really small space .
the gin martini at soul cafe made by sean is by far the best in the valley . a must visit !
hubby had steak and eggs cooked to perfection .
bret did a great job on my nissan leaf - on time , professional and looks great ! thanks bret ! - dave
don't stay here if you are paying a regular rate . poor service . doesn't deserve a name ' sheraton . '
really good indian spot ! best indian food i've had in a long time . definitely recommend it .
one of my favorite places to go in lv . there at least 3 nights on a trip . great mojitos .
no train to city
nice guys , good selection and fair rental prices
the meat is awesome , also de eggs . the tempura beans are surprisingly delicious . very good service .
y aller d'urgence
i had creme brulee and it was light tasting not sweet .
didn't like their lunch menu . shouldn't gotten the ceaser salad , was the worst i've had .
awesome food , great service , don't believe me ? give it a try and taste the difference .
we were here for a post rehearsal dinner party , great beer , delish mixed drinks , great for groups .
dr . nielsen and his staff are very professional and very caring people .
what would we ever do without putters ! ? ! ? absolutely our favorite bar ever ! ! great staff and food
hands down best thai in vegas . recommend the pad se ew , basil chicken , thai tea ice cream .
amazing food , and really nice staff . i love the jalapeno pecan tacos ! !
very authentic thai food . i had the red curry , it was a perfect blend of spices .
cash and debit only , will charge additional for debit card use . staff is friendly though .
great prices best liquor store in area they have hard to fine stuff . staff is excellent .
affordable & they do a great job ! also like that i get a bit of a discount when i check-in .
great food . love the build your own pasta , my favorite sauce is the marinara ! ! ! locally owned !
happy hour num - num and num - num num off drinks and pizzas !
the calamari tasted old and so did the eel . old is not a comforting taste when eating sushi ...
owner is very friendly . my shirt is nice and clean . i will definitely come back again .
standard fare . nothing exciting to report at this location .
love love love this place . i've gotten manis and pedis here and they always do an amazing job .
it has lanes made of asphalt and they are distinguished by paint . for your health !
i loved this monorail . what a great addition to lv and convenient , stress free way to get around !
how do you justify $ num - $ num for a pot of tea ? i don't know . come here if you have a thick wallet .
just raised their tuition ... out of my budget . not happy .
meh . not a big fan of this location . i think i'll stick to the one off gilbert and the num .
love this place . simple menu and great food . totally worth the wait !
everything is delicious but we want to listen to jazz
joe was quick , had a great price and did excellent work . happy to have a plumber that i can trust .
quality work . we have used them several times and will continue to use them
first time trying them . it was good ! plus i get a work discount . definitely coming back !
okay place to have dinner . prices are reasonable & food is okay . standard restaurant .
really fun live music ! great performances . a lot of fun all around .
great spot for a quick hungover lunch to get your day moving . decent prices . friendly staff .
love this place . ambiance , awesome food , outside seating area , fantastic coffee , what could be bad ?
best sandwich place in town . everything is delicious and the staff is so friendly and welcoming .
they did an amazing job . i love that they were both quick and efficient ! highly recommend !
the salad bar now has romaine instead of iceburg lettuce ! thank you ! ! ! i am thrilled ! ! !
unbelievably bad and over-priced . disbelieving of the positive reviews . iced charcoal on a stick !
super legit breakfast . and awesome waiter nick ( aka , the sheriff , enforcer ) . we will be back !
best indian food in pittsburgh . give it a try ! ! ! loved it ! ! !
great food , reasonable , and fast service . good size portions
the american classic soda shop . good , prompt food . a local tradition . i love the veggie burger .
customer service here is gone . people are rude , what happened to this place . will not recommend .
love this place for the food ...
i'm a better dancer and i smell a heck of a lot better too .
good memories want to try it again but haven't had the opportunity to go to toronto in a while
brit here . lived in pittsburgh for num years . finally i can eat real food . thank you , jesus .
great smoked meat . on par with the better known deli ;)
cute place with great food . awesome tofu rolls and brisket pho . can't wait to come back .
loved the tapioca bubble tea cooler with jello on the bottom it's amazing
perfect ! delicious meal , appetizer and desert . relaxing atmosphere . olympic gold .
kudos to dr . mumford and staff . highly recommended for eye care .
charlie wilson concert . really good show excellent performances by joe and kem as well .
very clean and inexpensive . a great lunch option .
great location using an old building . i'm looking forward to see them grow .
very friendly staff and always get my order rite . but the parking is a huge problem in this branch .
at the rooooom store ! the place isn't all that bad , but i can't stand the jingle .
good service , decent sushi , tho it's kind of expensive outside of happy hour ...
good food that fills you up quickly , like their prices too .
good dinner , had chicken avacado salad . waiter was very attentive and it was a nice experience .
delicious ! ordered delivery . recommend the yushan eggplant and veggie lo mein !
love the drinks , food and the ambiance ! a new favourite place to hang out with my friends .
just picked up dinner for tonight and it was delicious ! cant wait to go back !
always come here for great coffee and snacks !
clean , good service . above average for fast food quality cleanliness and service . well done .
worst , driest bone in ribeye i have ever had . seriously . the mussels were decent though .
amazing food , good service , cute patio in the back , friendly staff ! never disappointed !
plus the mac & chez rocks !
authentic mexican food ! love this place . food is delicious , very clean place and wonderful service .
hole in the wall , simple , good deal
early , friendly , professional service , couldn't be more thrilled with the experience !
great sushi in the highland creek area . great prices and very good sushi & hibachi . love it
really great food . fresh and unique . it was a nice change ! service was slow , though .
i love san tan . good food , like the area , and always friendly . not a quiet place but festive .
can you stop looking at me like i conquered your nation and burned its villages ?
very late late dinner or very early early breakfast ... 2 hours of waiting , worth it ! ! !
praline cake and a coffee . ahhh is that good . will stop here again . next time the opera cake .
what more could you ask for fresh cookies and ice cream ! ! !
vivian is very good , friendly and professional . love going to this salon .
i have been going to this store for years also , good merchandise and great prices .
ashlii was our server and she was so attentive and nice . the chicken meatballs are delicious ! ! !
great food and friendly service ! ! ! highly recommend ! the prices - - not too expensive !
one of my favorite places ! their cantina bean burger is amazing !
food : pretty good . not to greasy . price : reasonable . the lunch combo are a deal .
everything was fresh and good . like one of thse cool old diners they filmed swingers at
it was ok at best slow service and the food was horrible ...
the pancakes are the bomb ! everyone is super friendly and service is good . definitely recommend it !
super fast deliver and amazing food ! our new favorite place !
it's just ok . plain and simple . overpriced mediterranean yuppy hipster food .
the chicken has great spicy flavor . cheap specials . big servings . fresh pita and hummus .
num . very juicy meats and great atmosphere . service is good . like going here very late night
somewhat helpful staff ( at lease they are nice ) . really affordable and great hours .
received good service at mobile department . purchased iphone 4 with ease .
liz is a super attentive waitress ! even offered suggestions on flavors . great experience !
this is my favorite place to eat , with a cheap price you'll enjoy best ramen in town .
good beers always something new on tap . kambucha was delicious too sweet to taste ...
this is a must go to . glad i saw diner dives and drives
this shop closed a while back . try barbershop jack over on high street , great place .
te only thing negative is that it is not open later . the food is great . service is impecable
i am happy to report that steps are being taken to resolve my problem with the leather chairs .
the squid salad is soooo delicious . best i have had in a very long time .
we have our weekly business network meetings here .
super yummy and friendly , funny staff . the vegetable samosa is better than the chicken .
best happy hour in vegas baby ! bartender makes a killer martini that's sooooo fabulicious ! :-)
stopped in for a beer and some half-price wings at the bar . service was fine , wings were good .
good amount of food ~ it's clean and nice atmosphere . definitely try the spicy tuna kimbap
amazing lebanese restaurant .
great service great staff and mechanics that work on my truck
fantastic bookstore in madison ! great selection and also sells textbooks . also cute merchandise .
really enjoyed their menu selections and yummy cocktails , but service was a slow and forgetful .
excellent service department to get my nissan sentra service since the day i got it in num
love the atmosphere ! ! ! the street tacos & tortas are to die for ! ! we've been back 3 times
great customer service , quick and i never feel like they are taking advantage of you .
we loved this place . the food was great and the service was brisk and friendly . i will be back !
so good ! we got the pad see ew and hot curry . the workers were so nice and very attentive !
food is always just fine but at times the service is severely lacking especially as of late .
i lived in japan for a brief period of time and this is the best ramen i have found in montreal .
very veryyyy good ! ! ! great service ! ! fresh food and very tasty ! ! the poke amazing ! ! !
holy $ num - oj ( num ) - 1 side of bacon - english muffins ( num ) - drunken breakfast batman !
solid chinese food at a fair price . right down the street and they deliver , too .
slowest starbucks on the planet . i'm not the only person who's walked out in these buffoons .
excellent wine selection , atmosphere , and the cheese board / salad i had were both lovely .
needs some improvements asap
if you like spicy ... try the devil chicken ! amazing ! not a lot of atmosphere but great food ! !
warning . never rent from this company . horrible experience . stay away .
i had death by chocolate . now i am dead and loving it .
excellent food , cool atmosphere . i love their tamales and tacos . never had a bad experience
bad desserts and bad customer service . period .
panang shrimp was amazing . portion size was good too .
you definitely cant beat the $ 3 appetizers and beer during happy hour !
the food , the wine , and service are always amazing ! this is definitely my go to italian spot .
sooooo good ! ! ! waffle with ice cream , but way better than anything else i've had ! sooo good !
lecker sushi , nettes ambiente aber relativ teuer .
the food here is always soo good . the nutella s'mores stuffed french toast is to die for .
worst tofu ever ... i think they cut up a dish sponge and put it in sauce ... threw the dish out ...
not impressed . service was slow . food was boring bar food . decent beer selection .
the food is amazing ! just the right amount of cajun spice . the portions are huge and well balanced .
so glad this was nearby when my washer quit working . clean place and friendly people .
awesome place to find unique , antique , seasonal , or homemade gift items ! highly reccomend !
my husband just got his hair cut here and loved the salon ! great service at a great price !
consistently great food , friendly service , and an all-around hidden gem !
hope they bring a shop to the west side . this and jersey mikes are the best sub shop chains going .
absolutely delicious sushi and incredible atmosphere ! great place to dine .
fun place for breakfast . prices were reasonable and food was good .
great doctors here . the office staff could be a bit friendlier .
lots of delicious items on the menu that will make everyone happy . great vibe and lots of fun .
i've had danker
fantastic thai restaurant for takeout and neighborhood location . try the pad thai or bbq duck .
my go to restaurant for special occasions or when clients come to town . i love this place !
$ num to get a tired plugged ? ! seriously ! ? highway robbery at its finest .
date night ! we sat at a choice table to enjoy the sunset . always great food and drinks .
best dinner experience of my life . period .
num ' s ... excellent . ceviche n shrimp , wind beneath my wings ! ! ! one night to bangkok ! ! !
love their bun . light , yummy and nice tissue . and they have the ice cream cone which is creamy .
interesting . weird . fun . slow . tasty . experience this one for yourself !
been coming here since i got new wheels and they do a great job keeping my car looking new !
it's good , hearty and a perfect fix for some comfort .
great sushi bar . highly recommended to all people simply cone in
great place to get your coffee , breakfast lunch , or diner as they are num hour and always open .
good food . decent service . expensive beer but it is las vegas . cool place to check out .
get there early or leave hungry :(
good prices , easy to use . no hassle . free parking is a huge bonus .
show room , lobby and waiting area are all beautiful and well taken care of . very nice experience
so so good ! some of the best chinese we've found in scottsdale i highly recommend it !
good food , reliably fast delivery on the takeaway
the best cake i have had , the lemon and strawberry cake ! ! delicious
montreal branch is closed .
they have delicious food , great prices , friendly service all in a very clean , decorated resturaunt .
good atmosphere and good food . parking is terrible around supper time and on the weekends .
very solid mexican restaurant . decent prices , good food , great margaritas .
great ribs & mac cheese - great spot for a lively atmosphere , people watching & cold beer !
an average place . nothing outstandingly bad . not exceedingly the best either . but it's still okay .
fast and efficient service , clean and low mileage car , and relatively reasonably priced .
great atmosphere . the pho is declining in quality compared to a year ago . service is good .
tres bruyant bonne cuisine bon service
just good food . fast and awesome . try the calzones ! ! ! very good . friendly with fast delivery
really amazing pizza incredible service i come here for my lunch break for work as often as i can .
love this place , i go on my lunch break , very friendly and great food at a good price .
stop going there when they changed num cent to used a debit card . left a bad taste in my mouth .
just ok thai , there are much better places like khar san road or pai . in downtown toronto
the waiters were a little weird but polite .
this place rocks . the staff is awesome and their nail work is unbeatable . i will be back !
i had one of the lamb sandwiches . it was pretty good . the service was very slow
the bbq was very good , along with the sides of mac n cheese and collards . the service was superb !
nothing is communicated across departments and this place does not care about patients .
das essen ist gut
man this place is a dirty pit ran by ex-con's . the food is tasty but eat it at your own risk ...
burger was wrong and then under cooked . fries were very over cooked . don't waste ur money
the male night clerk is just mean guess thats why hes on nights . hate yo go in when hes there
scrumptious ! a great food fair of salads , hamburgers women with great serving skills !
the observation deck is pretty cool , even if you're a born and raised clevelander like me :)
awesome bbq . food was amazing . service was good . good place for small or big groups
great office and staff ... dr was very gentle and staff was very pleasant and knowledgeable
good service ! the employees were very generous and friendly . yummy matcha milk tea with boba !
one of the best bakeries i have ever tried , even when compared with bakeries in the middle east .
sunshine mejia was great ... just as great as the margorona ! good times !
the sushi was good and fresh . will come back for sure .
best airport retaurant i've been too . food vs value is great and the service is awesome .
can be a bit pricy depending on what wash you want , but its worth it . i'll be going back .
pretty good sushi . fresh and healthy portion . get the ayce if you're a big sushi eater .
definitely the freshest fish places i have ever eaten . i love the fresh fish bento box !
the line ups are crazy but i love love love the ice cream ! an amazing spot for sure ! so yummy !
good food , fast friendly service and a healthy discount for firefighters and police ( % num ) .
best onion rings and grilled chicken sandwich . great service and such friendly people .
monday morning num am and only one person attending . num minutes in the line ! it's crazy ! run away !
love this place . the food is okay , i'd stick with the wings . the beer is awesome though !
toller laden , gute auswahl , netter service
the reina pepiada and shredded beef a + + +
delicious sushi ! the chef even gave us a free sample ! the purple rice was an interesting twist !
great little shop . just had a haircut and straight razor on the neck . classic , good barbershop .
this place has a nice little pizza buffet with a salad bar . nothing fancy , but you'll get full .
back on track ! great food , fair prices .
having a good time one of my favorite pool parties
solid breakfast place , very small , always a wait . menu is ok not great
great bbq spot , food is excellent . portions were smaller then expected but very good .
this was a good place to get pizza . as far as i know they are no longer open at this location .
the website is deliberately misleading , advertising a low price when the real deal is $ num + .
really awesome food . had the rice bowl with chicken . you'll be surprised how good it is .
excellent tacos and service . they make a cilantro salsa , it's behind the counter , so ask for it !
lemonade - goes perfect with this vegas heat .
i had the most amazing haircut with zara - highly recommend and very reasonable .
service ok , food ok . nice atmosphere .
great ice cream and favors . neat atmosphere . definitely will return
great staff and great donuts ! good vibe to sit and get a coffee ! the apple fritter is excellent !
hidden gem . fancy place , actually .
awesome food.great service . this place you pay to play in this sandbox . worth every penny !
it was the best korean bbq i have ever had . the garlic steak was amazing . i highly recommend .
not an expert on indian food , my daughter took me , and much to my surprise , i loved it ! ! ! a +
well sesame inn has fallen off so now yeung's house gets my top pick
my request for some maps and booklets for a few states was handled very professionally and quickly .
not bad . not the best i've ever had but not the worst either . would order out again .
best mexican food i have ever had . staff was good too . salsa is awesome .
just delish ! dont forget the hot peppers ! !
great service , num % success for me , and the lifetime reprogramming is fantastic .
amazing ! great selection of gluten free cupcakes ! in love , to bad we don't have a gigis in florida
great place for breakfast . the outdoor patio is a bonus and the food / drinks / service was excellent
we had christmas lunch there , food and servise is good .
i'm now located at ground control on litchfield rd and camelback executive chef thomas winton
now i know why they call this place twin peaks ! wings were good def better than hooters .
not very good at all , kinda wished we ate taco bell that day . much better chinese food close by .
pretty good place to work . happy with the drinks they made me . good location .
love sushi loca it's my favorite ! the rolls are amazing ! great atmosphere , and music too !
great customer service
we're dying for jekyl ; s to reopen ! soon soon soon . we really miss it !
food ok . girls look nice .
we ate there twice during our 4 days in vegas . my daughter likes the clam chowder soup .
food was great and filling .. rossy was very helpful and kind .. will come back when i'm back in town
can always find that special little gift for that hard to buy for person . great little shop !
the server was very shy , and probably new . very slow service , forgetful and lacked follow thru .
this place is awesome the staff is super sweet and the wax they use is the best
i've been to several korean bbq places and this place is the best . definitely recommend this place !
super friendly couple ! koda loved her pupachino ! ! . look forward to seeing you guys again !
poor staff and extortionate prices
it's fun to take low-fat yogurt and dump num calories worth of candy and junk on top of it ?
extensive wine list and edible food but awful bar staff . sadly disappointed .
$ num for a dress that doesn't make me look like a million bucks ... no thank you .
their pink guava ice cream is delicious ! perfect island flavor and a cute hole in the wall .
great service ! convenient location and great quality work ! definitely would recommend !
beer selection is great . food is just ok . service each time i've been has been pretty mediocre .
very unprofessional and amateur bottle service not worth the money at all you expect more at vegas
so much fun eric is a good dj good times
they are great and cheap ! ! wont go anywhere else ! ! must try mike or amy ! ! !
they do lie through their teeth . it's a very gross company and very dishonest . stay away !
yum ! the dolls love the pretzels , tuna salad , and the cute waiters ! !
my favorite ! the best burgers in town and amazing cocktails :)
best place to buy shoes
amazing coffees and desserts ! the cooking classes are great too . love this little joint
if you like hoppy beers this the place . nice try but i like omb better !
place is for the older crowd . very nice place though , seriously !
don't go to this mall on a saturday afternoon . there is no parking . num min hunt for a space
great customer service from angela and i love there cup cakes . local business kick butt !
a big night club but not crowded and a little sketchy people wise
great place for authentic hunan food . we always make a few trips here when in vegas .
fun place , love the outdoor bean bag toss options . the food , no bueno however .
best indian food on the danforth ! ! biryani is good . meat is a must ! ! curry good perfectly !
love the bootlegger . good sandwich every time .
recommend to everyone ! ! !
crowded , but if you get the pimento cheese burger & buffalo fries you won't be sorry .
nasty people who work here . wouldn't see my toddler who was bleeding from the head .. no priority .
came out to do preventative maintenance on ac . no complaints .
great tasting waffles with amazing customer service ! only wish they were a sit down restaurant !
oh , great pan de muerto and more tortillas of course
super yummy , fresh tasting and great portion size . really loved it .
one of the best bars to watch sports in the city . great food and vibe . always a good time .
love the food here . chips and salsa are delicious , and the service is really quick as well .
more staff needed . waiting for a half hour in the middle of a weekday afternoon is a bit annoying .
service was good . food was average at best . ridiculously expensive . i felt a little ripped off .
so yummy and so fresh ! definently my new favorite late night spot ! great service also
arizona charlies is a nice small casino and have great food for really cheap ... good atmosphere ..
fast and efficient service ! they came and was able to open my car in less than num ! amazed !
best workouts i have ever had ! ! the results are amazing and i couldn't feel better ! ! !
the best brunch , bloodies , and beignets . i mean , what more could a girl ask for ? !
they use a ton of scented febreze . yuck . i could taste it in my mouth . trying to poison me ?
good pad thai and spicy basil . i love good thai and this is good !
great staff , very helpful and knowledgeable . tint job was done quickly and looks like new !
first time here and overall everything was great ! space is small so wait time could be long .
great food , great service and great experience ! it's one of my las vegas staples when i visit .
a clean casino for downtown . great prices . and it has alot of bars and places to eat that are close
had the smoked wings they were tasty haven't tried much else yet but surely will soon !
tons of beer ... lost a star for , at best , avg food .
awful ! service is awful , food was awful , order was wrong . do not go here , not worth ur money
the food and service was exceptional ! best hummus i've had . good quality ingredients .
it's a pittsburgh staple .. there is no better slaw in the world . one of my favorites ! !
great service and a lot too offer . i always am able find what i am looking for .
the best ever cheap , good , tasty , fresh nice employes i recommend it my fav i eat it num a day
wonderful clothes , can be pricey , but always some good deals / sales / clearance .
constently good service , always have a great view of the game .
really good ramen . good service . i think it compares to the best places in little tokyo .
always the place to park when walking the strip . you can pick up a drink on your way out too .
love this carwash ! always clean and staff is very nice . fair prices and free vacuums !
gross and trying to cancel was a nightmare , took 4 different trips and a dozen calls .
avoided because it was slow and saw num customers with receipts in their hands . not a good sign .
cheap shots and good music downstairs . layout isn't too bad tbh , go with a bunch of friends !
hidden gem . small menu . love it . on the strip ! at planet hollywood . near saxe theater .
great gluten free place . and i finally got to eat garlic bread again !
your typical big chain book store . cute desk accessories .
fantastic service from toma and good eats ! love this place ! we will definitely be back .
the place is very clean . staff are super friendly and helpful . dr moore is exceptional !
besides being over run by evil snow birds at this time of the year they are good .
don't bother--bland food along with casually disinterested service makes this not worth your time .
i love pizzeria bianco , the only downside is the wait time ; however , it's worth it !
one of the best pho places in town ! ! the owners are very friendly and service is good .
asian girl approve . mmm yuuum .
crystal is amazing . she knows what she's doing and she's quick . i won't be going to anyone else .
dk is amazing ! ! our family pictures turned out so beautiful ! would highly recommend !
best pizza ever ! might have to wait a bit but it's soooo worth it ! i highly recommend this place !
great $ 5 happy hour margaritas ! also the tacos were very tasty . will for sure be back
melt in your mouth burger and perfect sweet-tart lemonade .
amazing vegan cupcakes ! ! ! will definitely be back ! finally , a birthday cake is in my future
you kcan enjoy :)
great place , lots of eye candy , had a really fun time there !
its good enough for me for last minute nibble . many tables , smile service . many choices . fast .
took my parents here tonight and we all enjoyed it ! ! gotta love the endless salad and breadsticks !
this is an awesome fry's with friendly staff , and fair prices .
everything was great . love it would come back again and would recommend for a good sushi place .
this place is amazing ! i go there all the time ! i love the customizable sandwiches you can create !
worst pizza ever . end of story ! ! ! go with dominos ! ! ! theres a reason it has a low rating .
has the only peggy payne academy in the world that i know of , which is amazing !
chili queso dip is always a winner in my book !
love this place ! every time we come to az we eat their pizza ! wish they had one in la
so happy to have discovered this pizza ! so authentic ! delicious ! not cheap , but worth it !
try the saganaki for sure !
hands down , the best butter pecan ice cream i have had in my life ! amazing . 5 stars . try it !
fast and friendly service , food was fresh and delicious . definitely will be back again soon .
best place to eat in town ! ! ! food is exceptional as is the service ! highly recommend !
try the fried green tomatoes
awesome food ! one of our favorite spots :-) . the chef's fried rice and bbq chicken is phenomenal .
i go there every week for the pad kee mao . it's the best thai food on campus by far .
the food is amazing . i love the decoration and the ambience of this place . modern yet casual .
i just found out they closed . loved this place . does anyone know why or if they're relocating ?
only ordered from here one time so far , but my new favorite chinese restaurant in chandler ! ! !
yesterday i went buy juice . i i waite num min to get fresh juice . great juice ! inside was clean too
this is a good place but , the salad dressing is a tad too sour , got a stomachache because of it
very prompt quoting and very polite you really don't see this anymore ! great customer service
authentic mexican food with friendly service ! their shrimp ceviche left me speechless .
for a fill and a full spa pedicure ... i will be back .
fantastic all american menu with airport burgers , salads , soups and country breakfasts to dinners .
beautiful salon , very clean . had a great pedicure from felisha . will be back . highly recommend !
waited num mins and never got served . i only recommend coming here if you don't want to eat !
always great food and a nice atmosphere . good selection of beers on tap .
very good brunch . got the smoked salmon omlette with dill . i will definitely be returning .
not the best location for a vegan but nice experience . the rest of the group enjoyed themselves .
awesome breakfast spot ! ! ! be warned though , you will leave smelling like the kitchen ! ;)
terrible food , dry , flavorless , way over priced . oysters are nasty and seafood is sketchy .
what can i say ... just go ... sit outside , sip a drink have some oysters . it's pretty great
service is a little slow ! but worth the wait ! ! so delish ! ! !
best indo chinese i ever had . must visit if you are in this area .
wide variety and a very friendly staff ! ! ! also open num always a plus ...
the food is good , tables are a little bit small if you eat with 4 people , the service is okay .
lots of great stores . a comfortable mall to shop in .
great little place . food is reasonable price for the portions and is always delicious .
tasty americanized chinese food in a grand setting .
coffee .. and hot chocolate .. all i needed on the cold night downtown =)
favorite coffee spot , ever !
great burgers and homemade chips . large selections of beer on tap .
foods really good im happy to have some southern food in the north po boys are my favorite .
love this place took care of my little girl . i would go there again . prices were good .
their food is cheap and delicious . the sushi is really fresh and tasty . you should go and try it .
clean with a great selection ! they're organized by theme , so it's easy to find what you want .
great food . great service . grilled haloumi , ottoman platter and baklava were all delicious !
awesome experience ! juan was our waiter & was excellent . great food , great margaritas , great time !
amazing food , good service . ate at great restaurants in mexico . this place is as good or better !
just ok , nothing special but great location and atmosphere plus beer ! good for a quick bite .
amazing food and service ! definitely a new favorite od mine ! !
money well spent.room was awesome & the view was breathtaking ! definitely coming back .
very clean , lot's of tv's and great service during the may-pac fight !
food is great ... wonderful salads , coffees , incredible desserts yum
num games were down for the count and the salt and pepper shakers were filthy . not coming back .
good good good ... had the veg cheese burger loaded with everything . yuuuuum , will return !
the fish tacos , mac and cheese , and apple skillet were delicious !
very tasty cheesecake platters made while you wait . attentive service . clean !
great selection , friendly and informed staff . hard to beat
very good for fast food . everything is so fresh and the staff so helpful
adrienne is the best ! the only negative is it's a bit pricey for gel mani and pedi it was $ num .
todd jones sold me a great ford taurus . highly recommended !
very good selection of mylar balloons . very helpful , patient , not pushy or overselling .
excellent menu - decent wine list - friendly and helpful staff - great local spot .
decent dim sum and a crazy screaming host to boot .
they forgot my fork so i had to eat a cinnamon melt in the car with my bare hands . not recommended .
huge tab ... kinda caught me off guard , but cute spot .
as always " breakfast for champions " with karla the amazing , attentive & vivacious waitress ! ! !
shay was great ! she helped me find what i needed . i will definitely be back to see her again !
why don't they update on their website or on the boards ?
best coffee in town .. sorry starbucks but this is one hood you can't compete in .
j'adore !
great brisket . the owners a nice guy too , good little place
le prix
james and lucas were awesome ! no damage to my stuff at all and they were super friendly .
gutes ambiente und gutes essen . bedienung hatte nur einen schlechten tag ;-) aber empfehlenswert !
i will definitely give baroli a go ! tastes so nice , with only one problem - size of panino is huge !
outstanding job , and a great person ! ! installed my surround sound ! !
loved the food and the service . ... sejal was very good server too !
nick was great ! awesome customer service and my piece was finished in under a week . thanks again !
my all time favorite bar in las vegas ! young and chill crowd ! and a great place to sit and chill !
bonnie is a dream and the food is outrageously good . will be coming back every weekend !
nice inside . outside is a bit ... trashy . great service . excellent food !
unfriendly peoples , food was cold and hard . feb num , num @ noon . gross food .
one of the best places in vegas . love the thai beef noodle soup . l
good liquor ( and by good i mean bombay sapphire ) .
this was a delightful experience . the company was personable and intuitive to my needs .
love the food and staff , only thing is the food can be a bit pricey at times for a pub .
the coconut " bacon " wrap is excellent but the blackened chipotle soup was even better !
i was in a national museum of scotland . but i didn't see these expositions .
ricky was an awesome server . the food was good . don't eat meat but the sides were delicious .
great fast food asian restaurant with great portions , great taste , for a great price !
long wait times at electronics department . don't go during their lunch hours nor nearing 5 pm .
your standard costco . lots of stuff with good prices and high quantities .
all i have to say is its beautiful . be sure to take a kick ass camera to capture all the beauty .
great service and very friendly . the gal from yakima , wa was fun to talk to .
my favorite place in downtown scottsdale .
the selection includes everything you can imagine plus more .
beware of hidden fees .
tried to call to ask about a repair and the mailbox is full and can not receive messages .
got great gifts for the woman in my life , my mom ! ! what were u thinking ?
loved this place . my son had a great time . it was clean . the food and coffee was wonderful .
great food and great atmosphare !
always always always very happy with kendra's work . she is amazing & i will never leave her .
item of choice : special rice noodles !
course was okay ( not great ) and the drink cart only came by once .
fries , lemonade , banana bread best parts of my order .
fabulous ambience amazing service and tasteful food . one of my favorite spots from now on
never have i ever been treated so rudely by an employee until i came here for a postmates pick up .
try it with sausage , roma tomatoes , basil , and olives .
worth the trek , it's actually so delicious . love the brunch there ! cute atmosphere and great staff !
excellent , friendly service and a nice referral promo . i'll be back !
friendly staff , very helpful and great wine , what else could you want ? please go here !
the noodle soup is a little bit sweet , but overall it is a very authentic chinese noodle resturant !
very good pizza , quick delivery , tasty wings ... wish crispier
salad very fresh . could be smaller and $ 2 less . nice service . sweetgreens wannabe .
$ num chilli dogs ... what's not to like about this deal !
relaxed atmosphere , and great food , this place will have you wanting to go to the east coast !
really good pizza , but ill bosco in scottsdale is much better
awesome pepperoni pizza . big fan of the crust . if you like greasy pizza , this is your place .
i went to shopper and i had great customer service.also this location is close to the subway
love this place . great atmosphere diner . breakfast , brunch and lunch only . this location cash only .
food and service was great . i wouldn't go anywhere else for breakfast if it's always like this !
nice environment and fast and friendly service , with a nice menu . close to bell centre .
very good ! pad thai had great flavor & spice . chicken fried rice was also very good .
great food ! music is bomb ! fast service . must have spicy pork during happy hour . freakin ' dericious
good , but limited menu . i had the walleye , which was excellent .
toasty torpedo . $ 4 and i'm good for lunch . the ladies that work here are very nice .
amazing school with awesome students ! i loved my service .
amazing company .. local and trust worthy ! call them for all your hvac needs . great technicians !
love their honey bbq wings . i gave them 4 stars because their service is kind of slow at all times
the employees are super sweet and the strawberry poppy seed salad is amaazzzing .
great gluten free bread and biscotti . we will definitely come back .
batch of their pumpkin pancakes and a hot cup of coffee is a great way to start the day !
try the fries . they're bomb , best i've ever had . fairly decent place and been around for years .
had veggie eggs benedict today ... so delicious ! ! ! freshest english muffin . yum !
great comfort food ... especially the wings . the quality and price will surprise you !
best wings i ever had ! sweet heat i call them ! ! bbq hot wings ! ! !
great rv park with good people and activities ... like new bathroom / showers , good pool & spa ...
just moved to east mesa from gilbert and we are very excited to have a los favoritos nearby !
love this place , wonderful ambiance and great service . expensive but worth every penny .
tried their chicken and mussel which were amazing . bread was delicious . service was ok .
great local hang , wonderful staff , chill patio ... we've been twice in the past num hours !
drove by a few times , wanted to eat there . 5 stars all the way for a name like that !
had the eggs benedict with avocado very fresh and good was hoping it came w side of potatoes :(
best bread in town ! great staff . great bakers . if i could give it num stars i would .
open late , great service , yummy sushi ( ayce )
meh . i like wine down weds . service not great . food average .
very good food and service ! will go back fr sure . thank you
best mesa auto repair mechanic around . worth his weight in gold .
claims to be open num hours . isn't . they don't need your money anyway .
love this place . could eat the chips and french onion dip every day !
great place ! everyone is friendly and felt so comfortable here !
went to a private party at pbs . drinks and food were solid ! would go back when i am in the area .
i love their 5 layer chocolate fudge cake . omg ! a sweet piece of heaven .
great food . had the fish and chips . wonderful ! excellent service and good size portion .
bought my guitar there . very knowledgeable . let you try it out and make great suggestions !
this is the only place i trust with my dog ! ! from grooming to boarding ! awesome job ! !
delicious boba with so many options . very friendly staff . i love the cup option , super kawaiiiii
thought pizza was great and had a delicious salad ! ! good service liked the place kid friendly
friendly service and they do not waste a thing , they compost their bowls and napkins !
ive only ever ordered from uber eats but i have yet to be disappointed with the food ! deeelish .
much better this time around . i was in and out within num mins . it was nice to be seen so quick .
great food ! great service ! the bacon waffles are amazing .
awesome food and great people ! street tacos were excellent ! plus yummy bloody mary's !
came here the other day and had the worst service ever . the food was still amazing .
excellent food , fun atmosphere and good service . this is a must try if you like asian fusion !
amazing friendly staff and the best pho i have had on the west end , a definite must try .
great tasting dragon rolls and gyoza ! speedy service . i will probably order here again :)
much better open faced reuben than the " other " deli on buffalo . can't wait to go back .
nice selection of whiskey , knowledgeable staff , good service , tasty food .
amazing sushi ! small town atmosphere ! service is really good and the people are very nice !
the bartender knows her sh * t . excellent service , beautiful terasse and overall great atmosphere
we had some issues with bees and david woollen came out and helped us . very pleased .
love this place ! clean and people are very nice and friendly highly reccomend jena shes my girl
very nice service and always fresh food ( yami ) ! ! ! recommendation
albertsons needs to come back . cannot believe they switched the entire store within a few days
what did you say ? ? ? sorry , i couldn't hear you over the noise ...
incredible selection of sashimi & poke - ready to go atop rice or greens , excellent teas too ! yum !
nice goodwill in a new location . good variety of items .
excellent service , personable barista , and made the aeropress exactly how i wanted it . delicious !
uni , blue fun tuna , seaweed salad tasting , wine , black cod , ... yuuuuuuum ! !
we wanted good poutine late at night . that's what we got . simple .
one of my favorites of all time . excellent food , great service , can't miss .
great fire jacuzzi nice atmosphere normally good service
i got horrible food poisoning from sneaky dees - would recommend avoiding this place .
their italian cheesy beef is great too
ahh , i haven't had a pedicure in so long . almost fell asleep it felt so good . i'll be back !
bought sandwiches here and ask for extra pickles they give me 5 pieces of pickles extra .
wish i discovered this place sooner . best chicken strips / fries / bread and dip around . yummm ! !
excellent salad bar , wide variety of meats , great service , planning return visit .
gross ! ! ! the breakfast had no taste to it at all . way better places out there .
fixed my shattered iphone num and it was ready for me in num minutes ! super happy with the service !
nice place and decent food . was a little over-priced for what you get in terms of quantity .
it's alright . i ordered the pad thai and it's just mediocre taste but high price ( $ num ) .
great espresso , delicious cookies , swell service .
amazing food and excellent service . off the strip so it's quiet .
best mexican restaurant in my opinion in charlotte . guacumole is phenomenal !
best ramen in vegas , no kidding . the soup base is authentic . a friendly atmosphere place to eat
keeping it short . one of my favorite ayce sushi spots . love the food and the service .
never disappoints , always wows ! i highly recommend the champagne cake pop :)
the meatballs are killer . excellent cocktails . order s bunch of apps and meatballs and enjoy ! !
little hole in the wall serves great frozen custard ... made with fresh cream and eggs ... like it !
i like this auto body shop . dave , the manager is great to work with . they do clean work . a + +
yuck ! powdered eggs , microwaved food . i'll pass . better at starbucks with coffee and muffins .
amazing , must try ! ordered miso ramen , med spice , added corn , seaweed , bamboo shoots and egg !
good haircut , reasonable price , and personable staff . quick too . will be going back .
average alley , food is awful but kids like it , could do with a proper bar
oh my goodness ! these burgers and shakes will greet you at the pearly gates .
best authentic italian pizza in pittsburgh , hands down . and it is byob !
great customer service , very friendly , very affordable , good work . $ num for a mani / pedi ! :)
it was dirty and the water fountain was nasty . ( mold around the nozzle ) . bathrooms were filthy .
just off the airport . place is clean and good mexican food . i like the fried majora tilapia .
somehow seems smaller than the feed trough at caesars but everything here comes out just right .
food was delicious , staff was attentive and friendly . nice themed atmosphere .
excellent service , affordable price to repair my screen & done within num minutes . i left happy !
we love gina ! she helped us experience new food and drinks ! i would recommend this place to anyone !
great breakfast as always . busy even for a thursday morning . wait staff very attentive .
this establishment here serves up some good food . the style and environment is real neat .
i've never had indian food before . it's definitely different but tasty . nice smiles work there .
average espresso . wasn't overly excited . nice service . great patio . i won't write it off yet .
i've seen about 4 cirque shows and this is hands down , the best show in vegas . period .
great food ! pleasant staff . the food offered a flavorful break from the ordinary meal .
great prices , good food as well . it's a fun place for a quick salad or pizza !
worst drunken noodles ever . just taste like pepper on noodles with half cooked vegetables .
fast service
by far the best buffet in las vegas . it's always a great experience . love their gelato bar .
good deepdish , only ordered delivery there .
creation closed several months ago . whisky warehouse is now in it's place .
so happy i found this place near mountains edge ! great ambience and even better food ! !
the dank
wonderful atmosphere , great food . beers were quite possibly the best beers i've tasted !
great selection of beer . the staff is super friendly , and not to pricey .
small neighborhood restaurant in a strip mall . food and drinks are better than you'd expect .
terrible . don't go even if you're forced to.watery chai , gross and bitter coffee , slow .
love it there ! not stressful , good pricing and clean facility !
best steak i ever had . and great service . oh and i grew up in montana so i know my steak !
good quality furniture at a low price . highly recommended !
love the food here . very generous portion and great taste . highly recommended .
love this place . great coffee , fabulous , homemade everything . can't beat it .
amazing food . great prices . go there asap .
great service and fabulous happy hour specials that easily make a fun delicious dinner for two !
chicken curry was great . service was great . highly recommend the kale salad that they serve .
fantastic stylist , they are always up to date on the latest trends and looks ! specially for men .
this review pending a post-event phone call to air grievances .
their tom yum is incredible !
great family oriented club .
favorite place to go to lunch . love the food and the location . chicken combo platter is delicious !
great ! ! ( meant to finish posting this years ago ) too bad they went out of business .
best indian / desi place in vegas . service was good , fahim was really nice and helpful
got my first tattoo with erik , he was great and i'll definitely be coming back .
worst service ever ! hostess was horrible , server was horrible , and manager was horrible !
great food and service ! ! ! :) we will be coming back and telling people how good it is !
surprise suprise ... excellent little place .. tasty child verde plate with great green sauce ...
love the scones ! yum !
rely good food and a wide variety of menu options , and reasonable prices . great place to stop .
fantastic establishment and a great vibe ! the premier hookah lounge in charlotte ! a must visit .
great meats , excellent salad bar , cooperative wait staff , nuff said , would love to back again .
super comfy ... no cell phones so it makes me a little uneasy when my kids are with a sitter ! ! !
saw yellow brick road here . nice little place for live music
the boubo tea ... is soso , but the food is ok ... i dont want go back again ..
well worth the drive from south scottsdale . reminds me of shave ice from the north shore of hawaii .
inside-out burrito is very good . huge lineup moves quickly . stay on your toes !
came out on time and did what was promised at rate promised ... no high pressure selling
good food and great service . juke box is great at night and the staff is the best part of midtown !
very friendly place . my nails look awesome ! they did a fantastic job and i will definitely return .
wowzers ! ! the curried meatloaf sliders & cauliflower tacos will breathe life into you . yum + + +
like the view of downtown toronto . the food and service is great .
healthy , organic and delicious . love the steak wrap and sweet potato side
casey is amazing ! definitely knows how to cut it up . not only a great cut but an entertaining time .
$ pastor tacos every tuesday , great customer service . the cook is amazing .
nice looks like the m resort / interior / cute little casino up north ! i'll be back for sure !
wow , great experience . can't say much more , happens in vegas ... nuf said !
pho broth not even hot - bottle sauces was unclean .
i am bias . doesn't compare to nyc . nice effort .
service : num friendly and accommodating food : num outstanding , outstanding , outstanding pizza
great bank , super friendly staff and , well , there's always candy lol . can't beat that .
amazing food and very good service . highly recommend the tandoori sea beam and butter chicken !
white chocolate mousse will be returning july num . upgrading to 4 stars .
amazing macarons ! delicious flavors ! can't wait to come back ! linda was a great help and so sweet !
i come here for all business furniture needs , great customer service showroom full ! stop bye !
food was okay tasting . will go back to try the malasadas and give a more complete review .
had a ask about getting a cocktail waitress over to order drinks while at slots ... so slow
i loved this place . great value , delicious food , solid service
best chain italian food spot in charlotte so far ..
excellent facials ! if you're prone to breakouts don't leave without pca blemish bar !
absolutely incredible . it's all about that hot n juicy sauce . one of my favorite places to eat .
awesome . laid back , great music , coffee shop , not " preachy " and with a good message .
extremely helpful staff . so many flavors . try the frozen popcorn !
the food court was inside , great selection of winter clothing at this location !
the food is just so so . but that cup of tea which is free is good . the service is not that good .
i love new horizons med spa . the staff there is great and take very good care of me . thank you !
some of the best korean i've eaten , excellent service at an extremely affordable price .
1 word : yummy ! ... the donut holes , cinnamon sprinkled & buttermilk ones were delicious . must try !
i saw shakespeare's " as you like it " . great performance !
changed my insurance over to state farm . eric james was so helpful and prices were awesome ! :)
food has a wide variety of both chinese and thai dishes .
really great little lunch spot . the blt is wonderful . nice atmosphere and good prices .
so far so good . having dinner , drinks and football ! first time here . i like the open outdoor area .
the doner gyro kebab is fairly decent and a reasonable price at $ num .
amazing service and food ! beautiful restaurant , nice ambiance . all around great experience .
we love this place , the food and staff are amazing ! ! give them a try you won't be disappointed .
we have been to bluewater grill before and always enjoy the food and excellent service .
a good hotel restaurant for when traveling . the mahi and grilled shrimp are both tasty options .
black bean burger is really good , average ambience and finally the bad part fries are oily smelling
excellent service ! great food ! machaca beef chimmi and green chili mac was delicious . will be back !
very good middle-eastern food . chicken shwarma , not dry , but very tasty !
wanted to treat the kids to ice cream . was excited to try . excitement didn't last . won't be back
the nile was too overpriced for what we got . the food tasted decent but not worth the bill : num
loved it . we're local ( henderson ) . hanging out downtown love the five great food really friendly ! !
worst ever . don't go there . they are terrible to customers . food isn't as good as it once is was .
great nail salon . upscale atmosphere without the upscale price . had a very nice pedi .
it's a bar and has beer . what more do you need in scotland ... that's right , plenty of scotch !
food and drinks were enjoyable , lil warm in there , service was decent could've been better ! !
jason in the service dept . was very nice and very helpful ! he went above and beyond to help us !
great service and communication . ryan is a great tech ! i recommend him and icracked .
do not use the groupon for this restaurant . the value is ms-represented .
wanna blow your mind early in the morning ? holy smokes . breakfast burrito , christmas style .
love this shop ! i can get lost in here ... so much fun stuff :)
the best prices and service simply it was outsanding in every way . i was very the best ! ! ! 1
best place for breakfast all day and night .
the atmosphere was lovely and the chocolate mousse was decadent and satisfying !
ask for martin , he's very low pressure and great to work with ! we love our new furniture !
love this place ! easy to get in , good parking situation , big screens .
pizza natali has closed . there is a new pizza place there now . have not tried the new place .
great little spot . run by real people . recommend the arepas and ceviche .
green beans were off the chart !
plenty of choices , made front of you , sugar mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm but only for take out , no tables .
the blended burger was the best i have ever had ! very tasty and moist ! ! yum !
good shredded beef burrito , the enchilada was sub par . good rice and beans , open num = good enough !
the potatoes are fantastic
nice friendly people to deal with it , got my challenger from paul . thanks ! ! ! avoid sahara dodge .
great food and awesome views
incredible bakery . the real deal . thank you for existing blackbird .
so freaking delicious ! i love this place . crawfish etouffee is to die for !
food was excellent ( stuffed shells ) , service was attentive , prices reasonable .
spacious salon and always had a good hair cut .
thank goodness they closed the doors ! terrible food , service and owner ! get a clue mr . owner !
great chopped salad ! ! great beef sandwich and hamburgers and i love the staff and atmosphere !
omg ! this place smelled amazing from the street we had to walk in . really spacious . good service .
also what is up with the slight saltiness of the chocolate chip cookie , it kills me
came in just for a slice of pie . key lime pie was good , but very very tangy and sour .
the fried rice was covered in grease as other reviews said they gave me my money back
pretty darn yummy . support your local businesses .
it's mcdonald's people ... it's not real ... but it's fun . the " fish " was actually warm so that's good .
very friendly food cooked to order . amazing fish tacos
great place for breakfast or lunch . good crepes , great drinks and salads .
delish . no frill atmosphere , they put all the effort into the food . spot on chicago dog !
place no longer good . crazy how new owners ran this place down by offering less for more $
alles in ordnung . will ja nur schlafen .
always a great meal , tomato moz sandwich amazing , focia pizza amazing
the staff was great , the store was very clean and most of all the donuts we're delicious
crab crusted pompano . delicious ! !
my favorite mexican food place but beware of the heat ! spicy but yummy ! ! !
very kind staff ... num
if you r in the mood 4 a b'fast sandwich this is the place ! 4 stars ! i wish there was 1 n la :o)
excellent authentic family-owned restaurant ! the place is so cute and the food was delicious .
im not the biggest macys fan but this one is my favorite !
unfortunatly this lovely cafe is now closed :(
nice decorations , great food and welcoming customer service . i definitely recommend it .
great place to grab some lunch , decent food and good service .
pork only . no order duck . num % mandatory tips on the four square ipad .
very pretty place inside and out . unfortunately the service and food quality are lacking .
great place ! take your camera and learn a little about old lv . enjoy neon bone yard !
wonderful service , welcoming atmosphere and delicious food ! will definitely be coming back :)
friendy , clean , food is really good .
fantastic food ! this place is fast , healthy , convenient and the edamame hummus is amazing ! just go !
great place if your craving great coffee and good deserts
friendly service and really quick . even put a screen protector on for free ! great price
the bouncer said my id was fake and kicked me out . ridiculous and silly . never going back .
can't beat the free bd grand slam !
got my iphone repaired here . they were quick and helpful . i would refer everyone here .
always a great time and awesome food at black bear ! huge portions for good prices .
waste of time it's like the employees hate seeing costumers it's smells like sweaty balls
our first visit was outstanding , our second was the complete opposite . i rated in the middle .
always fun and great groupons . however needs a good cleaning . their is a funky smell .
maple bacon tomato flatbread pizza . need i say more ?
outstanding burger . excellent poutine . super nice owner and staff . great prices .
great food ! fries always seem overdone but they taste great . wait can be long so get there early .
zoe , linda and deann were awesome today ! very professional and clean salon .
expensive but waaaaaay worth it ! just the best fitness center bar none !
exquisite cuisine in a luxurious atmosphere . great sunday brunch and holiday dining .
can't find a single reason not to score 5 stars . delicious skinny lattes . i will be back .
great family owned restaurant that has unfortunately closed .
best bar in vegas ! order the cristal , it's to die for .
fast service , cold ice cream lol ... a lot of variety of food and ice creams great service
if you like your privacy go to a different location , this dressing room is an open room . gross .
gracias . finally we can get real green chile . thank you !
delicious , sumptuous , fresh flavored ... can't go wrong here . price is right too . luved it !
this restaurant is so good . food is awesome and deliver fast . the owner is nice to people .
everything there was amazing , i really enjoyed the fresh noodles . can't wait to come back for more .
it was so much better a few years ago .
good pizza and i thought they didn't take visa , but apparently they do now .
best vietnamese restaurant in markham , good service and reasonable price . highly recommended .
food was pretty good . presentation of the food was great as well . solid meal at a decent price .
lol . franks be to god . amen ! i can dig it .
ok , it's an einstein's - enough said . great coffee , good bagels , lousy service . you know the drill .
first time here . many options to choose from . very helpful employees , clean store . good prices .
came here on a suggestion from yelp . the staff was really friendly and the food was great .
fabulous - and great staff ! bring an appetite and forget about calories !
i would recommend .
i was very unhappy with my haircut . they provide a money back guarantee which i think is fair .
is there a num rating ? mediocre at best ... un attentive staff with average kitchen help
this place has good food love the egg rolls and the basil chicken and shrimp is really good .
love everything i've tried here . a little bummed that the tempe location doesn't do pasta .
i go regularly .
awesome !
best bakery on god's green earth ! the deli is awesome , and their sandwiches are huge .
loved the food , but we waited an incredibly long time for it . i would definitely come back .
i found better for less soup was like warm not a lot of meat no flavor to soup num
this is a refurbished motel that is clean , safe and upgraded . nice bang for the buck .
really impressed by the expertise and quality selection in this smaller aquatic life store .
had great service from janneke from el paso , texas . made us feel at home ! outstanding
good italian comfort food that's affordable
i love the shrimp pad thai , my first time here and i will definitely be back on a regular basis .
gandhi's butter chicken roti is my favourite take out meal in the entire city .
great staff and always the best haircut . michael the owner is one of the best in the business .
it's in-n-out burger ... double double with spread , pickles and onions only . thank you .
love the pierogis ! you have to try them ... yummy ! ! ! a little expensive but worth every bite .
very good gyros with excellent service . even their burgers are good . this place doesn't dissapoint .
bbq sampler is great . highly recommend . food is very good especially the beef brisket .
food was amazing and super fast delivery ! great people ! !
this is some of the best sushi i've had . fast service , very nice and knowledgeable staff .
highly recommended . family owned and operated . great food . great service . great prices .
palabra !
caribou is the best chain coffee house hands down !
annie chiu no longer owns this restaurant . sadly it has gone from very good to mediocre at best .
amazing friendly staff that goes the distance to inform clients . i am happy i found this place .
highly recommend . excellent service and very reasonable prices . fixed my iphone fast ! !
keep coming back ! ! the steamed potstickers and red curry thai hot ! ! nom nom nom !
why do i do this to myself ?
clean , convenient & easy to find everything . plenty of staff for no wait at checkout .
the service technician was really good but they charged me $ num for a ten dollar part .
one of the oldest hotels on the strip but kept up to date and quite elegant .
very helpful and had everything i need for my hold'em tournaments !
valet department need attention , bad attitude , you just drive a s class for someone , it's not yous !
great family location , we love coming here with kids . especially on tuesdays when they have bogo :)
amazing food ! wonderful friendly workers . highly highly recommend this great establishment !
employees are always nice , love the food !
the fresh orange juice was so good . big plates with reasonable prices .
i had an excellent mille feuille , nice packaging , one of the better things i had up here .
amazing food . we loved our server logan . his recommendations were perfect and he was a lot of fun
federal makes one of the best meatball sandwiches i've ever had . it's the best in phoenix .
awsome salads smoothies and wrap . power wrap was amazing ! an outstanding chef daniel ! !
this is gonna be my favorite spot for lunch and dinner ! ! ! im loving it !
this place was fine for a category 1 hyatt . it's in a good location for visitors of cleveland .
very authentic ! my family loves the foods here , and we'll definitely come back again !
yes , that mel's diner ! cool place and good food .
nice bar.freindlt waiter.casual embiance.goodsuggest for cocktail drink.beautiful design.nice music
most expensive fabric in the valley , minimal hours , rude staff , and located in an unsafe area .
best crispy rice with spicy tuna in town . it's worth doing the ayce just to order a few of these !
good food , drinks & atmosphere ! would eat here again . made our stay vacation enjoyable !
love this place . amazing food ... great ambience ... wicked good white sangria .
i've gotten drunk here more than i can't remember . stiff drinks . ryan is a cutie . sean is a cutie .
paradise bakery was better definitely miss that cookie with my pick any 2 and it's pricier now .
best food , best staff .
the moist beef brisket is very very good . i would give it a 5 but the sides are ok .
i really liked the yucca fries and green beans . i'll be back to try other menu items !
great sports bar , great service . have to try the southwestern salad ... yummy ! ! !
did a bosch alt . rebuild for me . looked and worked like new after they were done ...
great place for lunch . i haven't had a bad meal yet there . plus the patio is dog friendly .
tried to order online from an address on the same street , told they don't deliver here .
food is ok . drinks look good but haven't tried them . great live jazz .
wide variety of food items . $ num with players card . lots of fruit , meats , breads , sweets , etc .
it horrible they dont care for patients they want your money only ,
it's a four star club in las vegas . well designed , good door service , good bar service , good music .
we liked the food we ordered . the service was good and the price was ok .
service was great and the food was delicious ! food was very fresh ! definately will be back !
this place is delicious and very reasonably priced . get an appatizer while your there
the worst halwa poori nashta ever , she cooks fries and poori and every thing else in the same oil .
really good thai food for a great price ! ! speedy delivery .
due to num pet diagnosis on the num of sept our dog died today on the num of sept .
food was good . takeout took an hr to get here but it was hot and fresh . would order again .
excellent experience ! lovely view of the inner garden . the branzino fish was cooked to perfection .
you're welcome .
i've been there a few times and they are reliable . good work , nothing to complain about .
jerry welty was very knowledgable . took care of all my issues .
do not come here if you want to have a some what decent time terrible servers and service
casual upscale dining for reasonable prices . gotta get the sorbet in the awesome carved ice block .
what else can i say that hasn't been said ? a-ma-zing ! get one of the combos to share with a friend .
wonderful staff and delicious coffee in the heart of the village . worth a return visit for sure !
kaba curry is the best curry . everything here is great ! recommend to everyone !
my favorite place in charlotte for french pastries , sandwiches , and soup . yum !
went to thailand 1 month ago , this is the most authentic place ive been in vegas . very good ! ! !
recently visited for the first time . food was wonderful and the tzatziki sauce spot on !
cons . stingy portions , expensive pricing , poor service .
love this place . have gone numerous time . love it every time .
priscilla always gets me and my friends great men's haircuts . can't beat it plus mil discount !
spinach dip is deliciously not good for you !
amazing food . nick the owner is easy to work with for a networking event i had there
i love this place . awesome staff and clean salon . also , provides the newest system in gel nails .
neighborhood pub . nothing fancy , nice atmosphere
the rolls are fresh , flavourful and delicious , easily the best sushi i've had in a long time .
thank you summer in the service department , took care of my problem with my oil change ,
best kabob in montreal ! ! ! family owned and operated great ambiance and excellent food .
really great menu options and the restaurant is gorgeous . patio seating for a sunny day .
first time to fuddruckers ! loved it , best burger i've had .
great coffee and pastries ...
delicious ! omg the tofu was cooked perfectly and i really enjoyed this meal .
try their lobster at dinner , taste ok , service is on par
horrible place and horrible customer service . should be shut down , don't support them .
love the gluten free pizza . my family has never been disappointed w anything on the menu .
pay the extra money and go to the target on num st ... trust me .
the best car wash in las vegas ! owner is very nice and you get great service on your car
having lunch at philly famous in chandler . i tastes like delasandro's in philly ! ! ! soooooo good !
great bulk , but overall hum drum ... quality issues in produce
perfectly executed , from the wine to hollandaise to steak . i highly reccomend .
not too impressed with the food , luckily we were with great friends so we had a fun time .
this place was just ok . the salsa bar was pretty decent .
gyro and hummus were delicious ! husband had the grape leaves and loved them . great prices !
austin did a great job ! ! explained what he was doing and why ... would def recommend this company !
a wonderful experience to literally chill out in an ice bar in the middle of a desert .
check out the half price chicken wings .
great pork bbq and chicken tenders . great place to go with a group . staff is always friendly .
beautiful ice cream lovely clean place friendly staff , brilliant !
killer breakfast burrito , delicious coffee and great service . happy i stumbled onto this place !
very friendly office ! dr . resnick and his staff are top notch .
rude staff and a mostly fat corned beef . save your money goodmans was way better !
best buffalo chicken tenders i've had ! ask for shaun or jenn .
the burritos here are on point and at a great price aswell 2 for $ 5 can't beat that .
serves food and spirits . free refill on popcorn . best movie theater ever .
great food and great service . the place is newly renovated and looks gorgeous . congrats to angelo !
i think its not what its all hyped up to be , and its overpriced probably due to location .
worst service ever ! ! ! emberrassing we were celebrating a birthday for our out of town nephew .
amazing place to attend especially after a late night out or coming in on a late flight .
great food and great service
best nail salon in pittsburgh . connie does the best stiletto nails . truly a gem !
a great place to grab some good beer and sit and enjoy them there . friendly staff . great selection .
a nice local theater . 5 dollar mondays + comfortable seats = a good time .
very thorough and professional team who always provide great service at the best price .
i have been there several times and totally satisfied from their service and food quality .
one of the best places for indian snacks like samosa and sweets .
great products . owner is nice . staff is ok ... if you can get them to acknowledge your presence .
good brazilian beers and great food . service was on the spot . love it !
cold beer at good prices . what more could you want ? quick , albeit slightly surly , service , too .
pizza is just alright but they have a nice setup and some interesting toppings .
we love this fat willys location ! right on the golf course and great food !
good food . cheap . plentiful . and less than $ num for chicken dinner . excellent .
they are still opened they just moved to mesa , az
honestly one of the best places to go for food late at night in tempe great food here
our server slooty killed it ! great experience . appreciate her keeping it real .
seafood platter . ravioli . salmon . perfection . great service . bring your checkbook ...
easy to get thru but the worse days to travel are fri & sun . get there 1 num hrs prior or more
frozen seafood , chewy steak , greasy pizza . pass !
great rotating beer selection . great staff . colorful characters nightly lol .
kim made our first experience at carrabbas amazing , very nice server ! food was so good !
the best hotdog on the planet ! this place is an icon to the burgh !
super friendly staff and excellent , clean environment . i wish these guys the very best .
for a treat , try the pumpkin drizzle muffin . yum !
foods great .. service slow perhaps just a bad day will try again
wild boar nachos and a classic margarita . yes . delicious .
elaine at the bar was super friendly & helpful . we really enjoyed the food & the service .
locals and tourists need to try this place , their white pizza is the best
if you want to see a unique pizza place , this is it . if you want good pizza , go someplace else !
a lot of fun . only problem was it was over too soon . three hours of fun and awesome scenery .
absolutely delicious food ! our service was fantastic ! ! definitely a place we will visit again !
best ribs ever . perfectly smoked . meaty and with great sauces . don't miss out on this !
been eating here all my life ! the letter d crisp and green chili burrito are my top choices !
i love going to this sushi restaurant ! great specials ! good food !
awesome ! ! ! yummy ! ! ! great variety and nice twist on southern favorite !
dinners for two and three drinks $ num not bad .. good food . waitress very nice . cozy
great corner location
this is an outstanding place . no ripoff , no upsell . just quality honest service at fair price .
a new fav ! yummy , innovative vegan food in a beautiful space in central old montreal .
omg . open at num for breckfast ! ! i love the pastries , coffee is awesome , and owner is way cool .
love this place . all the food is fresh and hot chicken balls are great . owners are great too .
love this place . seedy vibe , num memorabilia and the pizza was incredible . would come again
great ice cream ! tastes fresh and smooth . tons of flavors to choose from .
very attentive staff , great four cheese pizza ( thin crust ) . our daughter comes here frequently .
cheap drinks and food . just a good place for drinks and good food . good sports bar
my favorite is veggie roti , my daughter's is shrimp roti . i travel num min to eat here num per month .
excellent customer service . sales associate recommended the perfect juice ! quick and easy !
standard breakfast food . take the seasoned potatoes over the hash browns .
food was delicious and paul took great care of us . highly recommended ! will be back for sure .
i love this waffle house , not only is it close by but the staff is great and the food is good ...
excellent service and the food was delish .. i totally recommend a visit ..
nice decor , and service . the food is as authentic canto dishes can be !
menu is very simple ( not many options ) , but food is great ! we all love it . definitely recommend it .
meat station was a let down everything else was good to great shrimp cocktail was awesome
truly a beautiful store . i really don't enjoy other grocery stores like i do this one . go fry's !
it's a regular stop now ... bananna marshmallow milkshake ... mmm .
favorite bar in las vegas . great people and no tourists .
this place is amazing . better than dillon , better than famous dave's . the best barbeque .
great lunch ! ! ! clam chowder , big sandwiches , great service . we will be back when we visit again !
some pretty interesting food here , a fusion of mexican and korean bbq . nothing fancy but good food .
delicious food & delicious thai tea . thanks for great customer service and good thai food .
super good pizza , cesar salad and drinks ! ambiance is awesome and our server was really good .
why do that ? ? ?
best place in town if you want to eat the famous poutine .
great service at the bar as well as the table . the walleye was simply the best ! ! !
lots a huge tvs are always welcomed .
good italian dishes but lots of garlic . smells good when you walk in the door . usually crowded .
great buffet lunch . must try the butter chicken with rice .
great service , outstanding food quality and a all around great place in downtown chandler area .
love this place , not too bad on the prices and excellent service ! delicious food of course .
been going to kims for years they run a honest great quality in everything . i highly recommend ! ! !
daily tournaments ! ! is a plus .. but the location on the floor and set up is garbage ..
decent burger and mediocre fries . probably wont be back .
helpful staff for us gringos . fish tacos and shrimp tacos were awesome ! just like home .
great spot , lightning fast service . good merch selection . knowledgeable staff ..
the service was just mediocre .. i ordered the ribeye it was just ok , nothing special .
amazing coffee . fantastic gigantic macaroons . great relaxing atmosphere . this place is awesome !
had lunch today & it was great . will drop by again . chicken with avocado was delicious .
jeff and joe were awesome ! very nice and customer service oriented .
i enjoy this little place . i think a lot of other people are too ! ! packed this morning .
good food and wonderful service . kind and hospitable . we enjoyed the mothers day brunch buffet
consistently good across the whole menu . staff is good with children .
very nice concert hall . i would go again .
excelente vapor shop , awesome juice , they have like num lines of juice driptonic , montecito omg
pricey of course but an excellent sale dept . racks upon racks . worth a look !
brand new store everything is so nice and the deli is awesome sandwiches and rice bowls
absolute best ! the wings are superb . staff is friendly . great place to eat .
first time here . friendly staff and great sushi . also cool modern look . will surely return .
justin was awesome at the bachelorette party ! had so much fun !
still to date my tile is loose and coming up . i'm very displeased with this company .
great workout , super staff that is clearly focused on the customer and customer experience !
tasty appetizers , dinner and dessert ! close to the convention center and nearby hotels .
good value ... satisfies sushi craving at lowest price
best best best
the products are great and the staff was very very informative ... i definitely will will be back
meh ... ok food . ok wine . ok service .
i love shopping at this store ! it is a bit pricey but they have a wide variety of nice things !
the food was well-cooked and the price is reasonable considering it locates in las vegas hotel
great pizza . great service . this is the best pizza you'll find within num miles of madison .
great food had the short rib and the pork tenderloin both amazing .
really good food . haven always been satisfied with everything i have ordered .
the monorail has a very convenient station inside the mgm , but it's too expensive !
very good ayce , sushi sashimi everything was great . just that they don't have crab sashimi
one word . shawarma . do it , do it now ! hummus is pretty darn tasty too !
- below average food .
the doc took really good care of mr . kaz's bird toe . nice , friendly , compassionate caring staff .
great food , great service . what more could abguy ask for ? come and eat , you'll love it !
i've only gotten the toffee frap the few times i've gone , but it is daaaamn good . try it out !
my favorite fast food restaurant .
i'm sorry to say that they closed their doors for good just a few weeks ago !
very cozy ! just by being inside the building i already felt inspired ~ idk what to say besides that
dry , tough , generic ribs . tiny portions . overpriced .
small platters . i tried shawerma isn't delicious . that doesn't represent mediterranean food .
i always enjoy my visits to see dr suarez ! he and his staff are excellent !
always friendly and food is always on pizzoint .. great dinner place for families .. ill be back soon
i really like salsitas . love their cheese dip ! ! !
best mexican food in medina . good prices and a great quesadilla fajita !
great staff and with their customer loyalty program very competitive prices . highly recommended ! ! !
very , very awesome bartender and the fillet men-ion sliders are to die for .
they were extremely helpful especially the manager , terri ! i really appreciate there assistance .
this place food its too bad ! ! this isnt an italian food ! ! did u see the mussels ? wow the cheapest !
great place to eat , large portions of noodle soup , with very sizable pork portions , i'll be back !
favourite thai place in vegas !
by far the best bagels this far from the big apple . efficient counter service . delicious !
best brunch spot in town . eggs bene with chorizo will bring a tear to your eye , a happy one .
always love this place .. great service , price and atmosphere .. guacamole is incredible .
consistently great food as other review have said . one of my favorite restaurants !
the salmon is so fresh it's mouthwatering . best neighborhood sushi in town , without a doubt .
kinda expensive , but the best on town , gone are alaskan king crab legs . :-( , crepes anyone ?
amazing food and service . never had a bad experience here . awesome choice anytime ! !
amy is awesome ! she will treat you like a queen and your nails will look awesome too !
excellent food , great happy hour , and caitlin , sarah and jesse are fabulous servers .
they all way take care of of daisy . make her look so cute . they are the best at a good price .
the food took time to prepare but was worth waiting
went by there yesterday and all the furniture and equipment were gone . looks like they closed . sad .
came here over num years ago . stir amazing food and great people ... highly recommended
the best thai in champaign county . get the pad thai or the curry .
amazing food ! best people / owners ! can't go wrong with anything there ! the pho is amazing ! !
love it ! ! ! so many flavors ! great wings , must try the pig wigs ! ! ! awesome service :)
nice place to get gas & a car wash ... great service !
just a classic burger joint done right .
incredible selection . like walking through a museum of fine art .
got what i needed to make a decision on system replacement
great quick food option . pulled pork and brisket was good . loved the baked beans .
casual , friendly and the pizza do rock ! we tried all the award winners they were winners .
thank you dr c and staff for all of your amazing services and care through out the years ! ! !
very clean and professional pet care . the staff is thorough and considerate .
great izakaya ! love the atmosphere , great service , and the food is amaaaazzzzingggg !
bell road toyota made my car buying as excellent as possible ! i'd highly recommend them ! !
great service and great . this is a byob restaurant which is just fine . trendy and a lot of fun .
unique and interesting cheesecake . i'm not crazy for it but i'll have it every now and then .
best place , best pizza in the valley ! ! ! everything is so good ! ! ! love it ! ! !
rude . lied and said they were closed when they were not . will not be going back . smelled awful too .
save your money and go to little caesars ... you are paying for overpriced burned pizza .
they completely complicated the food and drink process . i will go to harkins from now on .
amazing and inexpensive pork ! love this place !
this is my favorite place to come when i visit home ! ! you can't beat the wine deals either :)
the nicest residence inn i have stayed in thus far . very impressive .
rooms are really nice . like nice size apartments . wifi is not free .
jody , the manager , corrected the disputed charges and mailed me a check .
breakfast was absolutely amazing and the staff was great even though there was a language barrier .
some nice wine and good appetizers . the main courses are quite pricey .
great with big family . great food love his place .
both of my sons ( num & num ) train there . outstanding staff and instruction .
s / o to romello ask for him when you go . good sized gym with everything including basketball court .
we love fez ! i just wish they had a north phoenix location .
best pizza around i'll drive outta my way to stop to eat there
great service had a nice server . thought the crepes were okay . not the best nor was it the worst .
great salon ! always greeted with a smile . my hair is awesome , thanks to marissa !
the grilled cheese are good , fast , clean , easy to choice , many places , why not if you are hurry ..
lovely , historic hotel close to a wide variety of restaurants , most within easy walking distance .
great sushi for a reasonable price in an excellent location . maki trio is quite a deal .
funniest show ever . tight seating arrangement , but worth it . will see it again and again .
food was delicious ! sake all nite long ! our waitress was the best ! pretty expensive .
very nice little japanese restaurant with excellent sushi quality and fresh fish . call to reserve
it is all japan.good quality food.nice service.for sure to come here again to try other things ... !
terrific food and you can hear each other talk
had a blast ! best time in vegas ! guaranteed
you don't think you can do so much with foam darts but wow this is exhilarating and amazingly fun
i love my newly remodeled aldis . great products at great prices . fruit and veggies can't be best .
excellent food , pricey , great waitress , empty the night we went . it was well worth the money once .
best place ever ! i'm picky and i was pleasantly surprised . had to take the time to make a review
who gives popcorn as a side ? what am i going to cinema ? i come for cheesey taste not popcorn feast
best indian food in phoenix . period . also you won't find nicer owners that treat you like family .
good , but overrated with terrible service . comparable to frozen pizza .
attached to the flamingo a great place to relax away from the mobs .
great atmosphere and prices ! bottle caps are amazing i always add melted cheese on top ! :)
the food was pretty good . great sports bar feel and you just might get to see an nhl team practice !
very reasonable too !
great neighborhood bar / restaurant with cold beer , good food , and a great staff ! !
great place had lots of fun there.really good beer knid of pricy
great hole in the wall ! service was a little slow but portions are huge ! the food is great .
i love this place great food but my favorite is the lounge so beautiful love it !
sehr leckeres essen und ein nettes ambiente .
recommend this place guys
pretty good , prices should be higher then $ . wasn't a big fan of the location .
i ordered the chimichanga chicken by it self with sour cream and guacamole . delicious food
great selection of donuts . pretty busy place most days . ,
very tasty ! i love spicy seafood . tres leches cake shouldn't be placed on top of chocolate syrup .
their food is fantastic and i like that the owner was the chef . definitely a diamond in the rough .
the phone number you posted doesnt match the company profiles number you realize that right
hands down the best cheese fries in arizona . the staff are extra friendly and attentive as well :)
under rated ! ! ! thee stars really ? so better then secret pizza at thee cosmo .
best place in gilbert for breakfast . food was great and service was superior . thanks
love this place , we are members and i could spend every weekend there and not get tired of it .
great place . absolutely friendly . check it out if your are curious about vaping ! p . s cash only .
this restaurant has great service . their curry's are outstanding ! have eaten there about num times .
just 3 words ... strawberry champagne cupcakes = yummy !
best buffet in vegas compared to wicked spoon and the one at wynn for me
have been multiple times . service is always great . love the selection of wing sauces and beer .
avraham was able to close a tough deal , great job !
best burrito you'll get anywhere ! my coworkers and i come here at least 3 times a week !
i love places that hire kids to bag the groceries .
love that this has a lot of variety compared to the vietnamese restaurants that are in az .
very good . always fresh and made to order .
it's a really good breakfast place ... the staff is nice and polite ... the food is good ...
they have the best rice ! i love their curry ! i like rice .
so the pho is actually really good ... as advertised .
i have employed nick for at least six years and recommend him num % . he is a pro !
excellent service . price wise is pretty competitive . highly recommended if you need car service .
tasty sandwich . thanks for gluten free options . love the fresh and local fruits and veggies .
ask for hannah ! she is skilled and kind . one week later and my polish is still in good shape !
cheap , fashionable clothes for a good price .
5 thumbs down ... girls ... aka the washed up club fyi look at ur drink num u drink it
excellent sushi , excellent service . will return . don't forget to check in on yelp for saki !
update - upon seeing i left a one star review they took care of my order as they should have .
fantastic place , fair prices , cool drinks , awesome people , great music . very original decor
amazingly rude staff ! ! ! num patience ! i wanted to switch to verizon but staff was horrible ! ! !
kinda pricey . num for lap xuong but i did manage to pick up frozen durian
beautiful museum . maybe it wasn't the best that i've seen but at least it was interesting
still dream about their fish tacos ... delicious , reasonably priced and quick service . will return !
i liked that the staff were bilingual but the long haired bartender guy was a macho wannabe prick .
online said they were opened but went there and it was closed .
cool interior , drinks are perfect ! food is also of good portion size and delicious ;)
best pizza in town and at an affordable price with top notch customer service .
wow ! ! awesome food and great service ! enough food and leftovers for an entire meal at home ! !
salsa is mostly water , and the food is medocre at best . better options available in the area .
been back numerous times now . still great brisket . added a great fried chicken . love it !
the most amazing brunch spot i have ever been to ! atmosphere , theme and food was outstanding !
awesome place for dessert and milk tea . super easy to find , soft music , and nice people !
very tasty pizza for an airport location . i ordered the bbq chicken pizza and was not disappointed !
eggs benedict on belgian waffles is such an awesome combination , definitely worth the try ! !
love this place ! great food and healthy too . a great variety of choices on the menu .
great place to get good food and tasty beers a flight of beers and the jack o does the trick .
chicken pot pie not as big as before . burgers pretty good . not bad for a hotel coffee shop .
incredible food , very diverse choices . waitress had 5 star teeth .
most things are more expensive than other grocery store . and their playlist sucks ! can't stand it !
booted cuz they were closing in a few minutes . :-(
white cheddar queso with bbq chicken , need i say more ? !
good diner food , great people . we love this place !
great chicken and waffles . very crowded so eat at the bar .
good old fashion place , great buffet
yummy cupcakes ! i tried the red velvet and the birthday one and both were top notch !
the staff is excellent . the amenities are great . i have really enjoyed my time at this gym !
really awesome food ! lots of flavour and a nice change to the restraunts where i live .
great good , great vibe , great location ! salad with chicken and cilantro dressing = bomb !
the best comfort food ! i had the korean war pig sandwich and even my burps were delicious later on !
heavenly b & b in amish country , with jacuzzi tub and fireplace in the room .
my favorite store in the fashion show mall . http://www.talulahg.com/
busy place . good value open till late . steak burrito really good
best burger place in town ! hands down ! ! ! super friendly staff and food to die for ! ! !
the staff is wonderful ! the pork carnitas were amazing . margarita damn . they got the job done
love the dishes here . have many variety and free drink if you post a photo on ur social media
ya , this place jamms and the food is good . make sure you get the french press coffee , delicious .
love the food here , especially the double cheese original katsu , gonna come tomorrow !
great trail systems and well maintained . for hiking , mountain biking and trail running .
water is $ num just fill up ur drink cup in the bathroom sink ! ! ha ha
the soup has too much msg , and the noodles were too soft and had weird texture .
sandwiches are huge . cole slaw is deelish . ambiance is awesome . the longggg wait ... not so much .
the pizza is super salty its definitely not all it was hyped up to be around town before it opened
i have not visited this little gem in years . the food was excellent and nicole was the best !
excellent food , great people . good environment . definitely recommended to eveyone . :)
one of my favorite boutique's in the valley !
high end pricey sushi place but the food and experience is totally worth it . i love that place .
enjoyed a very nice bearnaise sauce over poached eggs with spinach and peameal on hash browns .
have consistently had great service and great food . love the cheese pasta purses !
service was great , food was meh .
two thumbs up ! ! !
drew and trevor were very entertaining and provided great service . will definitely come back !
had a great dinner here . staff was enthusiastic and helpful . fantastic atmosphere . eclectic menu
the best musaman curry in the in the country . i have had a lots of them.this is the best .
troy is great .. very relaxing environment with a tasty variety of mediterranean dishes .
rude , not helpful at all . would not recommend . going back to suit supply where they are nice .
$ num for the worst burger i've ever had . place unclean , staff rude . would recommend against .
great coffee shop for your caffeine needs . they actually make a mexican latte that is amazing .
great place to watch the browns lose .
love ipic , just a little pricey for watching a movie . definitely a special occasion kind of night .
the fatoosh salad with chicken shwarma is amazing and our waitress april was excellent !
the novelty of the roller coaster is worth four stars but the price knocks it down to a three .
run don't walk if you are a blonde ... i should have waited for jean-marc ! ! ! lesson learned ! !
i love the bubble tea ! the mango is my favorite ! i wish they added more tapioca though .
great food - great atmosphere - great host ( as i don't speak french . ) highly recommend for brunch .
no deliver no lunch special and the guy hung up on me tried calling back and busy signal
nice service , great jerk chicken and curry chicken . very clean restaurant , and highly recommend .
my new favorite place ! love the frybread with red chili and cheese .
first time and it was exelent food and great people that they even give me food of their plate !
almost no room for non-drinkers . really pretty . best bathroom . hotdog stand and mcdonalds outside .
delicious gyro and chicken souvlaki pitas ! ! also the staff is very nice and friendly !
mickeys great . enjoyed talking with him . really listened to what i wanted and did an excellent job .
great tap selection ! love the local brews . food looks really good !
great stuff . very friendly . home cooking . what more could one want ?
best burgers in medina . can't beat the huge big screen projection on the back patio .
one of fave places ! mondays are lit ! cuatomer seevices isn't great but i love the place anyways
the best tacos ever ! ! ! the lines to order are very confusing but all the food is bomb
place is quality hands down to science extractions done right thank you muv so much
always good and always delivered with a friendly smile . gotta love that !
fancy drinks with awesome food . didn't expect that food can be as good as drinks in a bar !
the blackened chicken sandwich is fantastic . service was fast and great . 5 stars for tonight .
friendly , clean and great value thai food .
nice buz , crowd for lunch is chic . food quite average . not worth going out of your way
wonderful service , nice decor , safe menu . turkey sandwich standard fare , good pastrami sandwich .
good for the beer , " meh " for the entrees . that is all .
absolutely phenomenal ! ! ! literally anything you order will be amazing .
if you go to the emergency room expect to wait at least 4 hours to get seen .
love this place the food is fresh ... certainly one of my fav lunch spots in phx ...
excellent self-service car wash . super cheap , clean , convenient and efficient .
opened on durango & centennial ! yeah ! ! love everything on the menu ! #crueltyfree #mymealdidntscream
omg ! so good . my first try at pho & it was great . loved the sauce for the spring rolls too .
came in and it was clean and smelled fresh friendly staff and had the dinner it was great
good lunch buffet for a cheap price , no chicken balls ? ?
toughest veal i ever had , room was very hot and humid . risotto . itching special
i'd like to thank the co-founder for fixing the issues , so i'm updating the review to five stars .
got the fajitas , creamed corn , and margaritias , amazing taste and good decor ! ! !
i had an omelette and it was super good . german pancakes are great as well . highly recommend !
melt-in-your-mouth food ... and close to my office ! bring cash , though ... no plastic !
best steakhouse in toronto by far , and home of the best caesar salad i've ever had .
great prices great drinks and great location will highly recommend to those om the weekends
a hidden gem inside gramercy ! cozy , quiet , elegant interior . two thumbs up for the service !
tonight's dinner was very good . i had the num filet it was cooked great and tasted very good .
great staff and made me feel super welcomed when i stepped in the door . will be returning soon !
this is my favorite consistent cup of coffee . predictably tasty .
ice cream bad . udder delights-good !
just the right atmosphere best views of the strip .
my favorite italian restaurant ! always great service . the stuffed portabello is to die for .
great food . the salsa tastes good . staff is friendly . everything is affordable .
staff is extremely pleasant ! ! food is as expected - plus fast service . great prices too .
stopped in for lunch . had a brown-noser beer and a po ' boy . very good . nice place . good wait staff .
all food was blah - we had salmon and crabcakes - i would not recommend .
after a tour de tavern ride the service here was horrible . the staff was super rude and unfriendly .
staff is super nice and they cater to kids
happening place that looks like it was converted from an old garage . nice beer ' take out ' area .
just across the street from redrock . good ny style pizza . can't go wrong here ! ! !
excellent service answered a lot of questions.no pressure sales just friendly and helpful .
visitor from other state - outstanding and friendly staff and foods is champ ! thumbs up
it's a target . you know the drill . clean , well stocked , good prices . i'm a regular .
wicked spoon has the best buffet in vegas ! ! try the kung pao chickpeas - that dish was wicked good .
great atmosphere after sunday afternoon jays game . quick helpful service . friendly patrons .
nice to have kind of places in toronto .
unique design . i will be telling friends about this place .
blah and yuck ! basically a buffet .
we come here all the time . friendly family atmosphere . yummy food . gota get some cheese fries .
everything is good everytime you go . a bit pricey at times , but plentiful and worth wvery bite .
service wasn't good and the sushi was just ok . won't go back .
great place and staff . they always take care of me when i come get a wax or set . highly recommend
clean . easy check in . free shuttle , comfy bed . no complaints . adjacent to airport .
this place is amazing ! the sangria and bistec mexicana are legit . great family owned business .
tony was on time , efficient and a wealth of information . thank you !
pizza aus der pfanne
horrible decor . great bartenders . not a place i would frequent again i'm sure .
dont rent from toronto airport payless shady go in terminal
in town for meeting and found matts big breakfast . great food and service . recommend highly .
i've never beebread disappointed in my many visits . my favorite old town diner :)
eexcellent shrimp with scallops and risitto . rich and cooked to perfection . a + + in my book .
tried the halal tandoori chicken pizza . was very good . note you have to request halal chicken .
this was awesome we got the meat lovers for 4 ppl and it was an awesome experience
great location . total eye candy .
great food , very tasty sandwiches with healthy ingredients . probably best sandwich shop in town ! ! !
bright and fun decor . the wait staff is friendly with expansive menu . $ num house margaritas .
went during the summer and it was the best place ever . loved the liqueur ice-cream
great place to take your guest !
very displeased with the owner's demeanor and business practices .
hier stimmt alles .
decent place , good margarita's and good service . i would definitely go back .
fhat is a cozy place . food not good but enviroment is excellent .
posted one star and researched type of oil after response from cobblestone . i stand corrected .
delcious ! great service ! get the curry trio .
such a great cubano sandwich ! ! they fed our entire office !
best steak i've had in ages . absolutely delicious ! ! cant wait to return .
zero stars . don't waste ur $ or time on this sad place
general staff is nice ... however , management is very rude ... i had a membership , i don't anymore !
2 . always out of everything even at num am .
holy korean bbq ! ! ! this place is great for eats , drinks , and grilling . different style of buffet ...
best mexican food in las vegas and the service is outstanding ! ! highly recommend ! ! !
had my num float tonight and looooved it . i will be back and highly recommend this experience .
food is great . the chop is my favorite . drink menu and bartending skills are top notch .
ah so good . fresh fresh fresh . closest to koreatown in la you can find here .
very messy but very good . we had the shrimp and king crab legs and i highly recommend both !
great dining experience .
swung by after work for happy hour . it's 2 for 1 from num pm . great atmosphere and friendly service .
my favorite movie theater . love the new luxury seats . watching movies in comfort and style .
stick with canes which has real pieces of chicken not nuggets ! this place is overpriced .
awesome place and food ! ! alodia and bo our waitress are very kind , friendly very very nice ! !
great customer service best ive had in vegas and awesome food . would recommend to anyone
fabulous food ! great ambiance . cant wait to go again for my birthday .
just had another ovalate today ... be sure to ask for extra ovaltine ... that's the trick :)
great food and decor , but horrible service . washrooms are up three flights of stairs .
great food . fresh produce . friendly service .
i really liked the dim sum here ! ! and the elegant interior obviously made it even better
$ num for no points or drivers school ! ! this is so worth it ! and i don't have to appear ...
i really enjoyed miss lynn , she was very courteous and sweet , she helped me put my boxes in my car .
i've been there several times fair price great food excellent decor .. very friendly staff
i just received a message from the owners saying that they will now be accepting credit cards .
no general issues , posted for wrong mcdonalds originally .
very good tasty food . my first time of many . outstanding service and a very clean place .
great italian food ! add this place to your must go to list ! !
amazing variety of food in a great atmosphere . i'll keep coming back
bryan in service was knowledgeable and friendly . great service ! i will definitely be back .
love this place , the service is excellent and the food is great . try the cucumber lemonade !
absolutley scrumdiddlyumptious ! !
fantastic service - open later than i expected end served me well . thank you blend bar !
tastes like a frozen pizza . salid was better but not great .
very good thin crust pizza .. not overdone with sauce or cheese .. just right .. will came back again .
decent food , bad service . would go back just to watch football and have a few drinks ... lots of tvs .
just had a half hero and . salad . it was good . they charged $ . num for mayonnaise on the side . wow
good luck getting anyone to even pick up the phone in service .
the customer service at this location is the best ! every one is super nice , helpful and efficient !
good hiking area . you will lose gps on back side .
the food was just average , staff are very friendly . good to have a mex restaurant close by .
great little shop with some italian character ! great host who makes amazing cappuccino !
madeline is congenial and cuts your hair the way you tell her to . num % satisfied .
soooooooo disgusting didnt like food and it smelled like bathroom dont recomend this place
the owner , rick , is the best tattoo artist in town . he believes in a
pricing is kinda wack / misleading
very delicious breakfast . the vibe of the restaurant is great too . will definitely come back .
stab me in the face ... this is a disgrace to the word , food .
always good stuff ! i love seeing something from delaware when i travel !
expensive , but always has the printer cartridges i need in stock , so really can't complain .
stopped by for a late night round . great service . rachel makes the best gimlet . we will be back
absolutely awesome , i love the way peter does my nails ! ! i will be making this my new nail salon !
i been a happy resident for the past 2 years . such a nice place to live at a great price
do not buy or have anything serviced here ! contacting the better business bureau and an attorney !
great place for happy hour , the atlantic roll is amazing !
eh . the food is not horrible but nothing special . terrible wine list . owner is kind of rude .
service was slow and inattentive . potions were small . prices are outrageous . pass .
this comic store is awesome and organized . they have really nice figurines and staff was friendly .
this is a great place . i love the magnifying glass / microscope .
great had the garlic steak with mushrooms , if i lived in the area i would go all the time
dirty , mismanaged . people behind counter can't seem to keep the simplest order straight .
dynamite burritos with a side of nachos . an assortment of salsas . best burrito in the num . q .
primp and dry on camelback had consistently great service . i highly recommend this location
one of the best priced local vape shops in the greater cleveland area .
the food and and service was great . the walleye strips were the best . our new go to spot .
my second time using these guys . fast service and a great quality tint .
great customer service . staff's very friendly and fab ! ! ! :-d
sushi burrito ? ! yes please . these things are good ! i would say try the triple s or the twin dragon .
this place completely sucks never go to this target if u want to be ain satisfied customer
came in for a drink and some great food . service was great . thanks alberto . we'll be back
don't pass this place up . doesn't seem like much from the street but the food is mind blowing .
place is good they are just stingy with the food
this is a starbucks . it's like all the other starbucks .
great food would definitely be back ! the spicy beans and the chilli shrimp were delicious .
knows what you need and takes the time to get it right . a pleasant and talented professional .
staff is friendly . smoothies are a little sugary for my taste . coffee is great .
excellent food , good service . we ordered burrito , nachos and quesadilla all food was delicious
the dim sum is excellent , never had a bad dish here yet . open num hours
dumpling and food quality is below average to average .
best home style cooking korean food my family and i ve had in vegas :) highly recommend ! ! !
food & service was great . and , it's not too overpriced . best thing is the duck pasta dish .
love the sushi and drinks . your manager eddy rocks too !
they had great service , atmosphere and product - unfortunately they closed back in sept / oct
what an awesome happy hour item . you gotta try this ! the meat is so juicy and full of flavor .
good food , good coffee . and you can get a genuine ceramic mug , very civilized !
love this location ! excellent service and their bahama rama mama's are delicious !
bulwark and david woollen , in particular , are the best . we would never consider another company .
very relaxed and a great place to stop by for some good food .
dr . wan was great . listened and was very thorough when advising me of my prescription options .
spectacular scenery , not too far out of downtown , and well worth the drive out there .
kristin is the best ! it's no surprise the business is booming and there's a wait to see her
good , fresh food , attentive service , at a great price !
good food ! sushi was nice , staff was friendly and accommodating , overall a great place to eat .
meat raw in some parts of the burger , everything was out of a can , nothing fresh , gross .
best breakfast in town and truly old vegas feel . get the pancakes and cure your hangover !
i love the swizzle ! good times
like to go for their yummy frozen yogurt ! ! ! wish they had a better variety of soups tho
we love this place . best lasagna in town ! ! ! staff are friendly . food is always good .
great choice for a steak and wine dinner . not as pricey as other steakhouses on the strip .
just have to add , our waitress deena is the best ! ! ! she made our night so much better !
yum ! good corned beef hash , great donuts . a good , old-fashioned diner .
didn't have dinner here
bought bell qualifier helmets , love em !
just do not order the shrimp fried rice
great nyc pizza ! ! ! check it out ! ! !
service has gotten better this past year . the broiled chicken pita is the best !
don't order for delivery , took them almost an hour to deliver 2 sandwiches , 1 mile away .
we now have the real deal for great italian food right in our backyard of las sendas-yippeee ! ! !
stayed in the suite on the num floor , it was amazing . great view ! awesome place ! must go .
this is a very nice place to go get food & snacks very quite neat and clean very respectful etc .
have used these guys the most in the area and have never been disappointed . nice chill place .
one of the best buffets in las vegas . prime rib and crab legs are a must . great food !
try the meatballs . they are pretty darn tasty . cute casual eatery at the biltmore .
my husband and kids love this place , super friendly staff , their sourdough rolls are amazing .
great food . fast , attentive service . good prices . what more can you ask for !
this station plays more of the music i like than any of the stations in chicago .
great food and really unique menu with a beautiful outdoor patio setting ! a must for sunday brunch .
always responsive . honest , friendly and reliable . i recommend .
i got food by carry out . great pulled pork and sausages ! will be a repeat customer . a must try
i looooooove this place ! ! ! it has the most unique flavors and the best toppings . love the " boba " .
best sushi place in town , i have tried many other places and nothing compares to oyshi ! ! !
took a bite of the onion rye bread . i felt happy . the simple pleasures in life !
melt in your mouth steak and mash potatoes worth every penny .
best waffles in the area strongly recommend place we totally enjoyed everything we got
very poor in cleanliness . staff not doing anything with people using phones while movie is playing .
food is ok , but it is too noisy inside . also you need to wait a long time to get your food .
awesome service . cute cozy spot , long lines on a sunday night but definitely worth it .
treated extremely rudely . the food is good , but your staff needs to learn how to treat customers .
ghetto and slow af . have given it a lot of chances since i live nearby but .. jeez not coming back .
fantastic hotel , has starbucks coffee . probably best hotel room in the airport area .
left two phone messages and sent an email requesting a quote , no response .
joe is always helpful ! needed an oil pan changed . best price in the valley ! thank you rebel !
awesome food , bring your appetite ! ! the chicken waffles were to die for ... easily feeds two !
everytime i come here i have to eat the short rib fried rice . it is awesome ! service is great too ! !
great eggs benedict . i got the florentine and my gf got a classic benedict . overall good food .
good place to go for nice mature fun . good music and good people .
quick and great service ! awesome subs , most recently tried the far out chicken and was impressed .
amazing bagels and coffee ! ! the service is also incredible ! you will not be disappointed !
high quality and healthy choices , efficient and friendly service
fast friendly service , great food , cool space .
this is place serves the worst indian food . the food is tasteless and naan was very hard to eat .
sabine
zero service .
very friendly , even to us small ga guys . great location , great staff , low prices
vovomeena has great food and a friendly staff . the food is very reasonably priced for the quality .
awesome ! been to soul several times . grill greek cheese , bone marrow and lamb chops are a favorite .
my favorite coffee shop in montreal ... by far . reasonably priced deliciousness and great hosts !
great place . good people . don't be in a rush - it's about 2 hours , so set some time aside .
prices were very high , staff was zero help . won't return .
very good coffee and pretty cool place , very well located on roncesvalles .
average nail salon . $ num for a mani & spa pedi . nothing special , but an a-ok experience .
less than average thai food and way overpriced for what you get
got the grandma burger special , loved it , so many toppings . i won't need to eat dinner after this .
awesome food ! awesome atmosphere . love the flight of wines ... great for vegetarians ...
update : they added lots more space , and a terrace ! yay !
they do it right ! you don't feel rushed and its super relaxed . anthony is a craftsman .
very impressed . the more casual side of djt , but blown away nonetheless .
best in town ! nice selection of flower . $ num ounce is on point .
great service and zach is pleasant to do business with
love the gyros . the spices are great and ingredients are super fresh . ill definitely be back ! :)
just like new york . i love the pizza !
for $ num dollars , you get a nice view and unlimited mixed drinks for num min . worth it .
super fun place very convenient , instructor will go around & show you technique correctly
food wasn't exciting , but at least i could buy a magner's cider .
found this place 3 days ago and have come back every day since , it's that good , lol . :)
keep your pretentious , over priced chicago crap in cook county .
visited here on saturday and was overwhelmed by sports tv's ! ! great bar - will defo be back !
crowded . loud . food wasn't bad really , but some of the servers were inattentive and rude .
have used hefner plumbing as they are very local to us . great quick service , good advice on phone .
delicious pastries ! although a bit pricey .
great food , great wine list . specialty wines by the glass .
found debbie on yelp last week and she was excellent . very good massage . i will return .
super nice buffet ! loved the dessert section !
me and num friends did the x child room and was such a good room keep you going the whole time
overpriced crooks ; being charged for unauthorized work .
spark a blunt , order the adobo fried rice omelette , enjoy . call ahead .
big ass burger is no joke . sometimes service is slowwwww .
took advantage of boneless thursday and ordered some take out wings . holy crap they were huge ! ! !
total dump , it's filthy ! my co worker got bed bugs , stay away !
the sandwiches are okay . don't taste that fresh and the bread is super hard
good for breakfast but a little pricey for what we ate .
there's a really nice girl named alexis who works here . she is a gem . best shoppers drug mart ever .
great service , called and came to my hotel within num hours . fast service and iphone wotks great !
good bagels , just don't expect to be able to sit down , as it's takeaway only .
carne asada burrito changed my life !
delicious agreed beef tacos , authentic sauces , and 5 dollar daily specials , open num to num .
fantastic food . vegetable samosa was very good . definitely going on my list of las vegas stops .
food is pretty good , service is not that great . staff does not greet you once you enter .
nice laid back atmosphere good food friendly staff the wife and i will definitely come back
great place to hang , watch the game , gamble , and enjoy the great service from the bartenders !
yes 5 stars isn't enough to describe the beauty and creativity involved in this production
tasty food - yum ! good coffees / selection . nice , relaxed atmosphere and a friendly owner and staff .
great , helpful staff . everyone is super nice , welcoming campus . always a positive experience .
nice local bakery . not everything is made by them but a lot of stuff is . i love their canolis .
absolutely delicious ! we ordered the peach and the chipotle crepe and it was delicious ! :)
the best new york style deli in las vegas ! ! !
food is really good slots suck though always come here to gamble never win more then num bucks
phil and his group are amazing ! ! ! they make every experience worth every dollar spent
good food but a bit pricey for what you get . outdoor seating had no misters .
we got the pountine and some drinks . it was great . very cool pub in a great location .
can't beat emerald aisle service . i've been a long time user and have been rarely disappointed .
great service , terrific value . clean kitchen in full view . highly recommend .
good , kind of expensive but good . chicken pad thai and pad see ew and egg rolls were all tasty .
this place is awesome ! my favorite lesbian bar in town !
amazing trainers ! ! ! always a great class . everyone is nice and friendly . worth every penny ! !
smell of fresh baking alone goes to my heart
great coffee-fast service ! try an iced toddy and blue berry muffin .
best ny style pizza in az . hospitality is num to none .
great all day all night diner near the airport . big portions . juicy meat .
great service and food . portions are good , been there many times , never an issue .
i have been here a few times . the service is always great . the calzones and pizzas second to none .
horrible place sucks no customer service horrible staff .
great food ! ! ! ginban roll is delicious . happy hour all day on sundays ! gyoza is great , too .
actually pretty nice airport , but loads of renovation right now ( april num )
not what we thought it was . meat tasted like it was frozen prior to re cook .
beers and duck confit poutine . nuff said .
best food ; ) come here every week love the works burrito and service is great but parking sucks
amazing waffles with lemon custard and berries .
such a good sandwich ! ! the staff was super friendly , too ! wasn't crazy about the soup .
amazing love the food and the drinks . works of advice the drinks are strong but good
food is blah , but atmosphere is stellar . just stick with coffee and you'll be happy !
downstairs washrooms at restaurants are like a built in field sobriety test .
great food diner . and they were nice enough to serve us breakfast after the cut off time .
truly love this place . staff and patrons are so friendly not to mention all the great pups !
the eggplant sandwich and reuben sandwich are a must try . small bites , but delicious !
clean , reasonable prices , and great views . they have happy hour for both drinks and food items .
its good authentic mexican food very good atmosphere .
totally enjoyed the roof top seating - stopped in for a beer . great entertainment and atmosphere .
this place rocks just moved here and very informants helped me find some local trails
mai thai restaurant & bar - veggie pad thai with spring rolls or tofu - delicious ! num coins .
brunch was good , but they need to have more than one omelet / waffle cooker ... that line for long ...
best barbershop around . the haircut is consistent and the way you like it every single time .
great plave for beer , sports and a good starter or half time place , if pulling an all dayer .
shellfish trio = the bomb diggidy ! try the lavender ice cream & the canoe appetizer :) p
prices great , food very good , homemade ranch dressing . this place will be big on yelp .
the restaurant is clean , nice food , good service . one of the best medterian restaurants .
this place is the best . my go to is the il purista and the tuna pasta salad , so good !
food is always great . employees are nice and greet me with the upmost kindness loved the cashier
the staff was awesome ! ! ! our first time here . steak was great ! ! my husband and i will be back !
that need to fix their drive-thru box ... stuff always falls out of it when it opens ...
service was the only issue ... food was so on ! must get gyoza and mango-taco dessert ! !
always one of my favorite stops in pittsburgh . the food is absolutely worth the wait .
a beautiful hotel that is something to see when your in vegas .
great shops , restaurants and a great place to people watch .
tasty red velvet almond milk latte ! delicious pastries : cheese danish and chocolate croissants .
num timer ... 2 slice lunch special w drink . good deal .
ask for victor he is amazing ! honest and efficient . you won't regret buying your car from him !
food is really good . seabass is amazing there . the surf and turf special is great deal
i can't wait to go back ! !
great food very authentic . duck fried rice was very good . tom yum soup was super good .
everything vegan ! so safe and good ! new menu every day . i had a wrap and the service is amazing .
the nachos and dr pepper are on point . they need to fix the thermostat it's freezing in this birch
if you like popcorn , this place cannot be missed . i love mixing multiple flavors together !
excellent dive for burritos . no indoor seating . would go back again . reasonably priced .
mfg
love this place , been coming here for years ! great food ! love their bombay chicken curry !
mireille is a great bar tender . can talk to anyone and is funny and personable . stop in for a chat !
super friendly service and delicious food . the desserts are to kill for !
solon auto body was extremely professional and did an amazing job with our car !
the food is alright but their service is awful . especially the manager / owner ( ? ) is quite rude
ordered pizza and wings again today for game day . very good !
great atmosphere ! love the huge patio which had live music . a great place for large parties !
nice place , loved the interior . decent , i repeat , decent food . not great but not terrible .
quiet and relaxed atmosphere , friendly and talented staff . got a great cut , for a great price !
great pizza but they made it too much into a fast food than a pizza spot .
they are the real deal . fast and great to work with ! they service all of our equipment .
great little nook in an up-and-coming neighbourhood . try their brunch !
always takes way to long to get car washed . very under-staffed . expect to wait num mins
delicious food , great drinks , friendly staff ! pool is awesome !
really nice . i was looking for a good italian restaurant . the homemade tagliatelle was delicious !
nothing special . precooked meals that taste microwaved .
the food was just ok . the mac and cheese was dry and had no flavor . i won't be back
grrrr , be careful when you buy gift cards at this store ! !
overpriced , food is so-so , not better than in olive garden .
a pool table . reminiscent of a bye gone era . best cut i've had in years . thanks omar
was just there a week ago , nice friendly place , latte was spot on delicious . will go there again .
the quality and price of this restaurant is excellent for a buffet . i look forward to going back !
beer is like moldy maple syrup . we tried five kinds and gave up . yuck
amazing place ... worth every penny ! try the hour foot massage . you will not be disappointed .
omg it's my bday weekend i'm having best time ever london steel is the fucking greatest
this is a great place to spend a saturday - - especially in the fall months .
best location in az ! i love old town ! wouldn't want to live anywhere else !
overhyped . tastes like raw eggs . texture is very bizarre . definitely not worth the wait .
location has been upgraded and is quite pleasant ... wings were ok , nothing to write home about ...
loco patron gives a big portion for a decent price . quick service too . definitely will be back .
cuban sandwich was great and wow the fruit smoothie ! definitely going back ..
good attitudes , super fast drink service . normal prices .
best service managers in the city ! im always taken care of .
for the price , you would expect more . the deserts at the buffets were better !
i highly recommend garcia's windows . great pricing and service . thanks mark !
they were great ! friendly , punctual , overall great service . ten outta ten would use again .
a great place to eat , watch a sporting event .
decent shop but geared more toward edge up style cuts . you won't leave with a natural hairline .
wicked good pho right in the neighbourhood . fantastic menu . could eat here every day in the winter .
by far the best hypnosis show in vegas ! i love the way marc says " bull-shit "
nothing special . very bland tacos and salsas .
amazing service and delicious food . the portions are huge with unlimited rice and cabbage salad ! !
love this burger joint !
i ordered country pad thai and green curry for delivered . ... food came on time and very delicious
love yardhouse happy hour ! appetizers are to die for . the service is always outstanding .
first choice for boat & motor service since num . factory training and experience count .
dale , one of the managers was extremely helpful and knowledgeable .
took amazing care of us . sweetest service , great waitstaff . very impressive . food is so delicious ! !
chorizo pizza is the bomb . hands down in the top 5 pizzas in phoenix az
not a bad united club . it's never busy . the food is decent , location is very convenient .
so boring this place . but at least the folks who work here are fast !
fair prices , great staff , and well-curated inventory . looking forward to my next visit
the best hands down hotwings and the customer service was amazing i'll be back for sure ! !
anthony always makes everyone feel welcome ! i am a big fan and loyal customer for sure !
price - 5 stars .. if i'm rich . i just want the belt bag ...
are you kidding me ? ! best sushi in town ! try the cowboy roll or surfer roll .
my favorite sushi joint , always a good time ! great happy hour prices and fantastic quality food !
tiffany is wonderful ! friendly and helpful . she takes the time to talk to you and remember you !
its just okay . i mean nothing great but yet something different and relaxing with dim lights .
best service i have had in such a long time ! food was great ! good atmosphere ! must go here !
awesome view ! ! ! price and short menu , meh . service was great though .
the sushi wasnt bad actually it was num i just want more or different rolls .
great sushi ! loveboat was amazing ! ! and ginger ! the fish was fresh and everything was very clean !
got the taro taro flavour this time , can't really taste the taro it was basically vanilla .
had my windshield replaced today . great service and he did a great job . i'm very happy ! ! !
soo good ! ! ! great food and the people are the nicest in town . i will come back for sure !
food was great , waiter was not . i ran into the owner on the way out though and he was very kind .
super netter service . familienbetrieb . kinderfreundlich.sehr empfehlenswert !
best stadium in the cactus league by far . not a bad seat in the place . quality baseball food .
small , comfortable farmers market . not too commercial . real , local producers .
simple , fast concept that tastes great . if you need your carb fix , hit this place up !
this was my second visit to this place today i ate the chicken fried steak it was inedible !
fantastic show ! the divas were amazing ! high energy fun . definitely a must see when in vegas .
totally recommended .
top flight pharmacy here and being open num hours makes it one of best i've ever dealt with .
first time , toenail infection . figured it was a fluke . num time infection . i'm out .
best hot pot place in las vegas ! ! ! nice customer service from gilbert , love this place ! !
these guys are friendly and do an amazing job for the price . recommend the monthly car pass !
delicious food and great service . i love their chicken shawarma with brown rice .
i ordered the house made granola and it was super fresh and tasty . service was fast as well
love this place ! ! ! the staff was so amazingly sweet and gental with my fur baby .
what a legacy ! an amazing architectural icon , activity centre and biodome .
nice & friendly people , easy access and great service
always happy to greet you and help anyway they can ! corey was a great person to work with ! !
great service great food . finally a crepe that can rival even the french !
a stop you must put on your list even visiting old scottsdale ! small but great atmoshere !
sadly this location is closed . darn you del taco bell eating mutha effer's .
hands down some if the best thai food i've ever had . pad see yew was amazing . will be back
a-ok ... if you are looking for mexican fare in the immediate area ...
very disappointing service so-so , food more than average .
it was the best experience . i felt refresh and great after the treatment .
i love this place ... great value tasty food you can walk out of there for dinner under num bucks
cozy restaurant . like 5 guys but with truly fresh ingredients . french fries were heavenly !
our num show in num years . i would recommend this show . kinda expensive but it was worth the time !
three of my friends got food poisoning from eating here . buyer beware !
horrible salesman no knowledge of the product they are selling . bad deals rude financing
always quick . same delivery people who are usually very friendly ! great food
uhhhh - wow . give me some time to write this up the right way . omg . to start outstanding !
i drive all the way from summerlin just for a crepe :)
delicious red curry . the mango sticky rice was very tasty and a beautiful presentation .
hair throughout my meal ! ! unacceptable ! asking them for a refund as i write this review
my favorite place to stay in vegas ... and you get marriott points ! ! !
if you want fresh sushi for cheap this is the place to go in toronto ! never disappoints !
very friendly staff and great food . bar far my favorite korean spot in town .
not pretty . but love the hilly cheesesteak . reliable bar food and good wings .
awesome service , and they never put my baby in a cage it was awesome and my dog even loved it !
fast , fresh , healthy , and cheap teppanyaki .
finde es hier sehr gut und schmeckt auch man muss bissel warten aber sonst prima .
smash burger has a really good club burger on a wheat bun , that isn't dry ! i love it !
love the num oz burgers . great drinks and fries . they are a little high priced though .
good food , great service ! and i love that chipotle uses responsible suppliers .
spent num dollars on 4 new cooper tires . tires are great but they didn't do the alignment . clowns
nicely priced . great selection . roomy sushi bar . one of the better casino sushi restaurants around .
to accommodate my need for a ipad screen replacement .
very authentic and delicious italian pizza . fresh and tasty and very reasonable price !
i've had better pizza in airports . the sauce is too sweet and crust not crisp enough . pass !
got here , got the price i wanted , in and out within num minutes place is a great tire shop
if not the best italian , definitely the second best . great apps and nice and quiet atmosphere .
good & cheap ... just how i like my pizza ! ! had a slice before the show .. perfect for on the go :)
average airport bar food . staff was attentive .
great service . reliable , friendly and i'm a repeat customer .
decent food , good service , over-priced . tried the portobello mushroom sandwich , not bad .
great wings great service . your average small town bar ! ! enjoy my time each visit i have ! !
best donuts hands down , i goto the one cary , nc all the time ! love the bacon & maple !
great food . good beer and great service . lamb tacos really good . going back for dinner .
best bbq in vegas ! love the brisket and ribs .. but cant go wrong with anything on the menu !
fun times in ot chandler !
not a return place - - i was disappointed in the preparation of the the food i ordered and received .
great place to take your family for breakfast . wait staff is so nice and they know us .
gina is awesome ! great personality and extremely patient . she does an excellent mani / pedi
awesome burgers and wings . must try the pimento cheese fries ! ! delicious ! very friendly staff ! !
food is good . try the lemon chicken or the green beans in black bean sauce .
catch a game here , they have nice strip views , cold expensive beers and lots of games to play .
money well spent ! ! john and his son mounted a num " tv on my stone fireplace . no mess , looks great ! !
great server . great fish and chips , cooked just right . onion rings were also delicious .
excellent food . knowledgeable staff . $ num corkage . nice special night out .
this place has there best seafood in las vegas ! if you can afford it i highly recoment it
delicious carne asada tacos with corn tortillas and the perfect salsa bar with plenty of cucumbers
you can ask for more ? ? ?
absolutely love this place ! ! ! biz salad , almond blend and vegucated order are too die for ! ! !
love it here . delicious food . delicious margaritas . friendly staff ! i recommend it to everyone !
hectic , tasty , loud , fun . always poppin and busy . reasonable prices and drinks are not bad .
some good shit here ! can't really go wrong in any of their plates !
they were quick to come out and did a great job repairing cat damage . highly recommended !
never had a problem with anything . always find someone helpful . this store is the bomb ! ! !
food was okay nothing special . portions reasonable . price inflated for okay food . service was good .
nicole is super rad and friendly ! ! super helpful as well ! num would recommend this place !
nice little yogurt shop , nice location , good service , free wifi , what more could you ask for .
great place ! love their boba and the atmosphere here . their calamari is pretty good too
loved the lobster and twice baked potato . the food was excellent . i will definitely be back
they always have my hubbies chocolate peanut butter ice cream in the prepackaged quarts .
closed on num / num when ii visit . so really no stars . i will just give a in the middle vote
always quick and great late night customer service . the staff is helpful and engaging
we only had a main and lots of gnt but the food and service was great . i would go back again
get the braised beef banh mi and change your life forever . i love you banh mi boys
easy to get to from the turnpike . relatively clean and already cooled down ! good value .
great restaurant , great food and pies ! love the baked fish and never had a bad breakfast .
you cannot skip cowboy ciao when in scottsdale . the best food and service on old town .
great food . perfect location . attentive staff . decent price for top notch experience .
delicious food , fantastic drinks , live music , incredible service ... a must when you visit vegas ! ! !
very nice italian restaurant with vegetarian options available and a nice view to boot .
best cookie place in champaign , especially when you want something sweet late at night .
i love this place ! ! ! amazing food and great service and atmosphere ! i highly recommend !
we had a party of num today and they figured out how to make us fit . loved the crab ragoon
food is great , especially considering the price . the server was helpful and friendly .
round out your meal with the cookies for desert . you won't regret the decision !
great hole in the wall bbq joint . loved the pulled pork .
this room is over priced over a hundred dollars a night with bed bugs and your short on staff
they are pretty good , i use them couple times and i win both , my record it's clean :)
food is decent , service is decent .. nothing special here . seems like a cheap ripoff zinburger .
fun louisiana backyard seafood boil plus great fried seafood baskets . tasty .
always always always messing up orders no miss , another place that has shity service !
great experience ! the salon is super clean ! never a wait for service and amazing customer service
cleanest waffle house i've ever been to . the service was great and the food was quick and delish !
first visit was p , easing . especially enjoyed the chicken and spare ribs .
did not know it was a gay bar until i was eye fucked bye a num lb samoan
staff seemed bored and rude ... tasteless sushi ... dirty ... worthless
i always have to wait for a pump , and there are num of them there .
i stopped in for a quick blunt bob shoulder length with male stylist . he was excellent
i wanted to david carradine with the lobster spaghetti .
the best thing about this place is that it never closes . i personally love the pancakes here .
great place , fun staff and the food was yummy .
local skate rink with friendly crew .
visually stunning but i fell asleep half way through ! at least i got to bring in food .
every one go here .
menu looks appetizing , donburi and katsu sandwich
had a lot of fun at the lego exhibit . i will definitely return .
nice facilities and landscaping . enjoyed the history notes . lots of playground stuff for kids .
warning do not enter ... worst buffet ever . food not good at all . the serves was great .
great location in new york new york ! perfect if you are staying in the hotel !
i love my cut and color by adriana ! i look forward to my appointments , i highly recommend her .
wow awesome food small place very modest ok service but the food is worth the trip ...
cool store with an unbelievable amount of cheese ... good service with samples ... plan to be back
they have helped me numerous times . each time was wonderful ! ! ! very professional and courteous !
favorite greek spot ! their pita bread are delicious ! souvlaki combo is my favorite !
service is good ... but there's def much better chinese food out there .
delicious burger , killer fries , decent prices ! this place is a winner in my books !
best traditional espresso drinks in edinburgh . the sandwiches and pastries are a must as well .
very clean room , reasonable price , front desk is very kind i will stay here again if i stay phonix
i suggest the double pepperoni or house meatballs . walnut gorgonzola salad is amazing !
great shop , great guys , quick turnaround . always willing to answer my questions about maintenance .
small family owned restaurant . decent food . cheap and decent service .
the best fast fresh food iin the plaza . very nice people and a great meal for a very fair price .
one of our favorite old style ice cream parlors
phenom ! ! ! best ice cream sandwiches ever ! ! super fresh cookies ! try the ice cream taco ! !
great tacos and burritos . i got the fish burrito and loved it . definitely give it a try .
delicious veal sandwich . possibly the best one i've ever had . mmmmm .
decent food . decent service , maybe place was very loud because of winterloirues .
service is amazing here . everyone is friendly ! thank you bambi for the extra care you provided us .
the chef is very friendly . food was awesome . i got the ny strip cooked perfectly at medium .
canollis we fantastic .
best santa and mrs clause ! the kids and parents are still talking about the party ! amazing service !
best sushi joint in las vegas ! five star service , quality , and atmosphere . will definitely be back .
i'm on love with their spinach and mushroom eggs benedict ! such a great brunch spot !
best place ever ! cool atmosphere , great service , cheap drinks and food ! a must visit place .
enjoyable ambience and delectable food , pairs with great friends and wine !
very nice staff and really generous with the food ! clean and fresh ! couldn't ask for more .
thanks guys for a awesome haircut . this place is clean , chick beautiful . definitely coming back !
got a same day appointment and tlc for my sick boxer . very wam and caring staff !
amazing ! if you love gelato you must try this place ! i had the chocolate birthday cake .
damn fine pretzel balls here at the yard , and damn good fried chicken too .
the meatball sub and asian style wings are the bomb ;)
top notch service ... perfect communication , fast , professional and inexpensive
i avoid this mall . i hate parking here , and trying to get in and out is always a hassle .
staff drinks while working . gets orders incorrect . music too loud and staff refused to turn down .
mike is great , awesome haircut ! hard to find a good , consistent salon and rooster's is great !
great place in central phoenix to go for a cupcake or cookie ... just wish they had coffee .
great menu - not typical asian fusion . apps are spectacular & great happy hour specials !
simply amazing . good atmosphere , good food , always satisfied . the sweet potato ravioli is a must .
service is amazing , large menu has something for everyone . try the tofu !
it was ok . over priced for quality . the pei wei chain is better in taste .
good food , great staff and the shakes ... well goodbye diet .
cool dudes , great vibe , awesome coffee and a cute dog that greets you .. what more can you ask for ?
love this place ! ! ! fruit drinks , mexican snacks , smoothies , i haven't had anything bad .
i like this airport . large but still fairly convenient and they do have a couple of shuttles .
this club is now officially closed for good due to redevelopment in the area .
john was very nice and certainly knows what he's doing . great customer service , reasonable price .
great music . guinness , need i say more ? usually crowded , get there early .
spartan club is truly unique and fantastic !
ya bro dis shit sux
always clean and stocked , nice staff , and this location usually has the cheapest gas near me !
a good juice and meal replacement for a reasonable price .
awesome like always ! ! ! great healthy food !
great pizza and really nice owner . will come back again for pizza . freshly made for your liking !
awesome meal . love that i can get my favorite carbonara dish here ! good wine selection too !
a voir , rien que pour l'ambiance , le graffiti , les gens , et les foufounes electriques
tako is the place i'd like to come ! long line but worth the wait .
came to the home . did their job properly and efficiently . easy and convenient . no complaints !
jamez's has the best customer service , awesome products and the best prices . definitely recommend ! !
fell in love with the mushroom risotto . i love this place and wish it was in chicago ! !
always fresh and tasty . they are striving for the best . great job fitchburg location .
pretty nice for a friday happy hour . great prices and nice location and view from the patio .
had a bagel with cream cheese . good warm bagel softer inside and crunchy outside at a $ 4 tag .
not accomodating for a large group on the patio . go to ticoz or fez .
pastrami , coleslaw , fries , pecan pie , hamburger , greek salad w / lamb - very good
turkey-bacon club on sourdough is excellent . and the ham-swiss is always great .
the apple pancake is the best ! ! ! when ever the cravings hit , it never disappoints ! soo delicious !
good food n ice cold brews at this place.always good service when i come here.not to pricey
this place has amazing macaroni and cheese ! forget anything else and order the mac and cheese ! ! !
shrimp salad was not good . cold shrimp and no flavor . not worth $ num for this salad .
family-style place close to the highway . good food good service at a reasonable price .
it was really loud for a week night , staff was nice . drinks were served at a decent time .
this place is great , hard to get a table , but the owners are fantastic , and the food is amazing .
great service every time we go . classic , thin crust pizza just like what you get in naples .
good food and great customer service . great value and best local pizza joint in town .
the most decent chinese food in mtl . best service . this is the only chinese food we eat in mtl .
awesome place . great service . worth the wait ! had a great service on memorial day . check it out
matador is fabulous ! i'm enjoying a cup of iced green tea at the moment and it's not too shabby .
susan
been here many times , great food , great music , wide selection of cuisine . love ! ! !
not the cleanest place but the dishes are awesome ! service is great , too .
excellent service . vehicle ready on time and on budget . nice facilities and free hi-fi
wow wow wow le poulet et les rib super bon super resto juste il y a jamais de parking
if you like rude servers and a num min wait to get your drink .. this is the best place to go ..
pretty delicious food & a very cozy spring atmosphere . great lunch spot or stop for drinks !
super awesome experience . everything i tasted was phenomenal . i loved all the flavors .
i will give them credit for being fast . the food is ok , but doesn't really stand out in any way .
rug cleaning is really good . nice people and great prices . num white area rug came out beautiful .
ill just drive another 5 minutes to tacos el gordo next time i want tacos .
great new addition to play house square . warm and friendly atmosphere and staff ! food is great
this place is worth going to cheaper than walmart or circle k i would highly recommend coming here
best salmon i have had ! ! ! also the cucumber cooler is bomb ! ! ! love it !
pho soup is deelish ! ! ! so are the fresh rolls . their rice is so yummy too ! my go to for pho ! ! !
this is still one of my favorite chinese food places . take out was quick and yummy !
amazing place .. had their lunch and it was great . tasty food . soo nice inside .
never using them again . waited over an hour for a cab that never showed .
excellent food . love the eggplant with garlic . order for pick up during lunch is recommended .
not sure why you would choose to open a thai restaurant and serve pad thai made of ketchup .
great help getting my puppy more obedient with the group classes . definitely recommend .
barf . everything we ordered was nasty i'm sorry i can't . the drinks are fine but the food , no
this ppace never disappoints me . great service , great food , and amazing sangria ! must try ! ! !
horrible place . service was below poor and the food was horrible . never ever going here
not worth the price . they make you wait longer and short you on the number of wings .
overpriced . i ordered steak . nothing to write home about . better , cheaper choices abound .
love thier chocolate covered fruits ! all thier fruit is always fresh , love this place ! ! !
simply the best ice cream in the world ! ! a must try is the carmel sundae .
was treated with great respect as i enter and was given a free order of garlic knots
fantastic service , very convenient and easily accessible .
best happy hour prices . $ 5 shots of patron . located in the miracle mile mall at planet hollywood
excellent dentist - high tech dentistry with emphasis on proper comfort and lasting quality .
my vegan donuts that i bought stayed fresher longer !
the worst mcdonalds ever . got two sandwiches . a fish and a big mac jr . both were room temperature .
decent italian food at a great price . half the time the hot dishes are lukewarm .
just wanted to say that the uber set up here is awesome ! huge props to this airport !
tolle location mit nettem ambiente und leckerem essen .
just had a delicious mango , coconut butter smoothie . happy to find this little healthy gem .
booked appt for num pm , finally got called at num pm . never going back ; not recommended ...
pretty good pizza ... prompt delivery ... and , they can handle a large order for a party .
food was good but the ice dispenser was absolutely nasty . you're going to get someone sick .
good quick service . it's saved me missing breakfast while running for a train several times !
try the faux duck for sure .
brisket tacos and burgers ! i love this place ! food is amazing and the service is outstanding !
made fresh everyday at num ... check out the jumbo size ! ! !
great food . just can't get behind the idea of paying that much to cook my own dinner .
a really nice outlet in vegas ! better than the one by the state line ! come and check it out .
i haven't tried anything here that i didn't thoroughly enjoy . great job - keep up the good quality !
great frozen dumplings , much cheaper and tastier than your run of the mill t & t frozen dumplings .
bachi burger has delicious burgers and the taro milk tea is amazing .
really good breakfast . staff was super polite and friendly . banana nutella crepe was crazy good ! ! !
are very nice
the chocolate peanut butter bombs are amazing ! ! the dough is light and airy . melts in your mouth .
i went here for a seminar . it's just a casino , but i love the info i got at the seminar .
this is a big place .. but rooms are just okay .. a bit outdated .. i had ants in my bathroom ..
great food ( fills you up ) at a reasonable price . the staff is friendly . high marks !
synergy world
my favorite place for a sammich and an iron city . cash only btw .
love the food , prices and service although sometimes slow during busy times but worth the wait .
loved it . sushi amazing ! staff amazing ! the random acts of breaking into dance mode - amazing
good fun , great food and the atmosphere makes you feel like your not in vegas . love this place .
this mall is not notable . the most notable store is the only apple store in madison .
i love this neighborhood gem . it's such a nice vibe , good food and the staff is friendly .
best place for kosher pizza . they have good prices and patient when taking orders .
tim jackson's level of customer service is impeccable ! thank you for taking such good care of us !
i love this place ! the food is great , everyone is friendly , and best of all ... the price is right !
not sure if it is the dj or the mix but lately experience has gone way downhill .
i really like rubios . it tastes great and seems fresh .
loved the kiosk check out
nothing special . decent rooftop patio . repeat : only because it is convenient .
store is great but if you are returning an item be prepared to wait atleast num minutes minimum
one of the best coffee joints in toronto - grab an americano - you won't be disappointed
i wouldn't recommend coming here that don't know how to make food right and try rip me off
had pirogues , ceviche and pizza with white wine . it was great . i highly recommend it .
i love this pizza - great spot ! friendly staff , musics always going and they are open pretty late .
i am new to bjj but this is a great welcoming school to learn . gabriel is fantastic !
clean , friendly staff who seem to take pride in the restaurant , good prices , good food .
great little place to get fresh asian food , i like the service , i like there prices
good food & reasonably priced whats not to like ?
food is very bland . zips is a half mile away and way better . old person neighborhood bar .
good pizza great service i had the pasta and a pizza with meat ball they were both great
eh .. atmosphere is ok not so totally impressed . good was pretty good but not the greatest ever .
any crepe with the bechamel sauce here is good ... i would make love to it .
been going here for years . almost always satisified with the cuts for me and my sons .
great happy hour . excellent service from jon , fantastic food , chefs board and pizza were great .
amazing place to meet amazing people . the only place with true authentic german beer .
he best roti . the wrap taste fresh and like a store bought wrap like other places near by
very very average food great services not much to say . better then la grand port across the street
riesen kaffees mit coolen mustern auf dem schaum ! ! !
the best there is . simple as that . period . full stop .
unfortunately they're very rude despite the low prices . i guess you get why you pay for .
amazing food ! amazing service ! tons of fun ! come here if you want to have a great night !
erica gave me the best service and have awesome insurance rates .
awesome hike . great cardio . incredible view .
can't live without coffee from starbucks .. long lines but service is fast
no casino
ate inside on our way from vegas to reno . service was better than most actual sit down restaurants .
a beautiful store with amazing lingerie and fantastic service .
so expensive but great variety of produce and protein . love coming here !
michael was amazing and changed my locks in my house expediently . i would highly recommend ! ! !
thanks theresa ! it was a blast . nothing like shooting a desert eagle + num to start the day .
new location in mcmurray , pa on center church road . open for lunch and dinner . very good food ! ! !
love at first steamy bite ... i want to marry this spicy cheese bread !
i had laser hair removal of my bikini line and fantastic results ! very professional and clean .
love this place for eyebrow threading ! she is reasonably priced and makes my eyebrows look amazing .
lydia w was very patient and took care of everything professionally and the food was great
ufc fights - plenty of tv's to watch the fights .
thieves , i had material stolen from car . don't trust these bums .
one of montreal first & best wood burning pizza ! i have the arugula no . num and add prosciutto ... yum
miso soup yes hands down the sushi i have had better .. and price is way to high for what u get
this is a great starbucks ! some of the nicest , most friendly baristas work here .
service wasn't great . food was mediocre . not impressed so i probably wouldn't return .
only thing if u sit to far from the screen it sucks
the best waffles in town . fast and friendly service . don't miss out on this .
bbq duck is amazing !
tyler was awesome ... nice guy very helpful ! good selection didn't feel uncomfortable at all .
enjoyed having brunch at the patio . had a florentine benedict . taste good but nothing so special .
i tried the chicken shawrma sandwich . it was good ! but wait time is too long ! :(
san privada management team is doing great job to make everyone feel as a part of the community .
not as good as i expected . the food was ok but not crazily yummy like shown on triple ds
cute little shop with a very friendly owner . would recommend for gifts and cupcakes / desserts !
best bakery ! ! s'more was delicious and the staff was so sweet and nice ! !
awesome service , great prices , tons of fun covers and other phone accessories ! ! these guy's ! ! !
could i know why my review has been kicked to the last page ?
we really enjoyed the delicious cocktails and cheese plate as well as the great service at the bar .
i " heart " ticoz ! sangria , mojitos , shrimp tacos ... nuff said !
how awesome is this ... food ... fun .. entertainment .. family .. laughs .. sports .. and it's affordable .
great food . best wings in my life . friendly staff . and most important clean place and fresh food .
not worth it . took over an hour to get from the airport to the hotel on the strip . take a cab
delicious ! especially the haddock , and the key lime pie .
add about num minutes to whatever deliver time they quote you , because they are slow a . f .
i am not a fan of coffee bean coffee but , i do like the japanese cherry flavored iced tea .
very good food . excellent service . order the onion bagi .
good korean food and price is decent and the shake shake . rice is yummy so far so good :)
i love the food here better than regular old panda express . big portions too !
my boys love this place doughnuts are soft and chewy , sweet and flavorful of whatever you got .
the donuts here are good however it's the service i am rating . the server was impolite .
everything was absolutely delicious ! the brisket biscuit was one of the best things i have eaten !
delicious . the breakfast here was amazing . i will def eat here again !
highly recommended .
lump crap salad and bacon wrapped dates are yummy !
gross ! old ! bland in flavor . and slow in service .
best east coast style thin crust in vegas . nuf said .
it's fast food , not amazing , but good .
convenient , kind , and affordable . ive stayed a few times and will continue re-booking .
unique flavors , excellent owners , prime location . nothing but great things to say about this place !
emergency staff and heart specialist dr miller are awesome ! ! you can tell they really care !
the omelet is ok ' pancakes is saggy waffles is not good .
we look forward to eating at firefly on almost every vegas trip . love the tortilla a la espanola .
huge pieces of heaven . super greasy but that's part of the deliciousness !
thank you branden and staff for re-accommodating us tonight ! we appreciate it !
lots of nice spicy salsa . quick service , but we were there at num , so it's not like they were busy .
service was bad , lights too bright and noise to loud to hold a conversation .
the stuffed burgers they sell , awesome . frozen cheese curds are also available here , oh yes .
save your money and eat a hot dog while watching the game .
great diner breakfast huge portions good coffee . we will be back
this place is sick . eat here . eat outside .
came in because of a groupon and had the margherita pizza . so cheesy and delicious . i will be back !
best vietnamese in pittsburgh hands down , and i've been to all of them several times .
solid , but i like the place a little further down the strip that rhymes with " shake shack " better .
great food , great price and healthy . the staff was very friendly and it was fast . really enjoyed !
the chicken protein bowl is the best ! i recommend this place to anyone looking for some great food .
best sushi i've had in phoenix - and i lived in nyc and seattle . quality .
their chocolate macaron vanilla ice cream sandwich is to die for * _ *
staff is extremely friendly and personable . food is delicious as well . the music is a nice touch .
alam was very helpful ! assisted me with what i needed ! def will be back for more ! aloha
food was good . burger was supposed to be medium but it was medium well . service lacked a bit .
best carne asada steak . very tender and juicy . free fresh chips with 3 dips was a nice plus .
i love their congee rice porridge .. one of the best i have so far very surprising .
nice brunch spot with great service ! the area was nice and clean . my platter was full filling .
really delicious food , even have things a non-red meat eater can enjoy .
ambiance is awesome ! loud music and a nice crowd ; however the food is ok , and so is the service .
great service ! done same day ! no shady shenanigans . very clean and orderly . thank you !
this place is so cozy and the appetizer curry rolls are dynamite !
worst customer service in the universe ashley and megan . seriously apple ? who are you hiring !
delicious ! ! love it and crave it ! i get the fried rice and get it medium hot , so good !
good food and a fun atmosphere . the kids love sundays because they have a balloon maker .
overall the theatre is ok . it could likley benefit from an update . no major complaints .
terrible store lay out . clearly designed by a tired 3 year old with add
great atmosphere , great food , great drinks ! best place to have a drink on the patio in tempe !
i love pizza . any pizza . don't take my opinion on it . $ 5 for slice , and $ 5 for a draft beer .
the worst service ever . we didn't stay to eat because the hostess was so rude .
very nice place . quick service ( after lunch ) tasty curry katsu . good price , will be back .
big portions = 5 stars ! got the usual spicy chicken.lau lau and kalua pig . plenty pork = delicious .
the best place to do grocery in cle !
great beer on tap and there's always something new to try . one of the best beer bars in vegas
great company ! prompt , efficient , friendly techs and fair pricing .
bah ! best gelato in the lkn area , and it's gone . sad .
maya is awesome , she gives great recommendation on desserts . always smiling , great service .
very nice lunch buffet . also convenient delivery available . i love pepper steak and shrimp dish .
great food ! i love the atmosphere at this place . the bartenders are always great and super friendly
best buffet , great food , warm service , lots of seafood ...
had soup and salad bar for lunch ... half hrs later puked repeatedly ... eat at your peril
amazing food and service . good bye ritz and hello camby and artizen . see u very soon
this place is great . i had dr . gutman and he did amazing with my surgery ! everyone here was great !
best food i had in vegas my whole trip . the osso bucco was flat out amazing !
i love this place . not only that , but katie rockkkks my nails all the time . definitely recommended
carlene and elizabeth are excellent attorneys who care about their clients .
add extra sauce and get with baby pepperoni . also new parmesan crust topper was good as well
the room was nice but i think the best part about this hotel is their pool because of the view .
absolutely the worst . go for lunch and get a chicken ceaser salad and waited num . never again .
love this place , the food is great , good energy and the staff is always very polite . brian t .
amazing thin crust pizza ! they also offer a great topping selection . best pizza in montreal ! ! !
absolutely disgusting food . even the salads were watery and bland . how are they still in business ?
they were all very helpful at the desk ! ! got to let out all of my anger . come check this place out !
outstanding food ! my favorite is the butter chicken with the cheese nan , it's to die for !
great staff , great coffee . great vegan baked goods . love this spot !
amazing ! ! fresh , fun and a party in your mouth ! especially love the tosti elote ! yum ! ! !
dont waste your time here ; go elsewhere for better foods and better service .
just your typical bar , wish they had more tvs in the bar area , food was so so .
still the best restaurant in surprise ! ! ! had the num banana for dessert tonight love it ! ! !
butler's pantry ? more like costco's freezer .
never again ! see photo of what i got .
super lecker und nette bedienung !
just hand one of my favorite pad thai's from this place ! keep up the good work .
awesome super bowl pizza , chicken wings and fingers ! food was ready to pick up in num minutes ! !
great selection of cold beer , amiable bartender and football on almost every tv . am i in heaven ?
great fast food burger for an affordable price . restaurant was clean and staff was friendly
such a cute place and staff is very friendly . the jasmine green tea latti is my favorite !
came out quickly , did a full cleaning , installed cap , and for a good price . will use again .
the pediped store is so cute and their shoes are the only thing my son will keep on his feet !
very cool place to try at least once ! pizza is extremely good and loud fun atmosphere !
delicious tacos only downside is how busy this place is .
friendly , knowledgeable staff . clean , calming environment .
the best pizza in town and it's totally customizable . i love their dough , the crust is to die for !
will never use this dentist again . total rip off and did more damage to my teeth then fixed
i love this place i could come everyday n eat they have the best organic food in town
the food and coffee was okay but the service was so terrible ! a very rude barista helped me
roll was on the small side .
thank you lady barista who makes my drink just right , every time !
club num offers something unique , and eclectic
rude office staff . they seem to forget that the tenant is the customer .
we went after seeing then on ddd . the food was amazing ! ! ! the people were great ! ! !
love this place . the balcony has a great view of the strip .
great place for a fun couple of hours ... you'll be tired and your kids will sleep well ! !
awesome atmosphere , great food , great service and great beer ! try the irish nachos !
amazing young actors and incredible shows ! i can't wait to go back to see another one soon !
great vape shop ! good prices . fast , friendly service . convenient location .
service was great and reasonable price .. the location is easy to find . family oriented restaurant .
picture speaks for itself . being from the midwest , i grab in-n-out every chance i can get !
why did i waste my time here ? this place used to be nice but now is an expensive pain in the arse .
what makes a good chinese restaurant ? chinese cooks . great foodcand service . love it here
coffee is phenomenal ! has late night hours and beer on tap . what more could you ask for ?
the best pho around . i come here at least once a week . num appetizer and a num .
merchandise , sales , and customer service has taken a turn for the worst after relocating .
went with a friend . she got the meat platter and loved it . she said the food made her happy !
great company with amazing results !
service was pretty slow waited num min for drinks . server seemed sick and out of it . food was great
fantastic coffee , great food and very friendly staff . the eggs benedict and royale are are win .
lovely rooms , fantastic bath amenities , great linens
it's a fun place to see all the history of the old vegas mob ties ...
love stopping in here for a juice . everything is fresh and organic and its ready pretty quick .
love the fresh tortillas and mexican corn .
great experience . love my clean carpet !
my first time here ... service is awesome . ordered jun's special combo w / veggies . delish !
meatloaf breakfast was terrible ( worse than frozen dinner ) and service equaled the food .
drinks good . food , eh and greasy . weird vibes . staff helpful but robotic . did not feel social
eating at urban eatery is like going to hell and being forced to each garbage .
food is ok but expensive . they are open for lunch but again lunch menu is pricy . service is good .
this place is dirty bunch of high school kids works here which they don't care about service
good sushi . the buffet they have seems like a deal . wasn't wowed , but i thought it was solid
il be bringing my project truck here when it's time .
great place to hold your next meeting . bar area is nice and the bar tender was good on the pours .
very clean rooms , friendly staff , nice neighborhood , great stay ! !
closed ! now called bollywood cafe in same location ... food is very good .
i just can not say enough about this wonderful urgent care . thank god for dr smith and his staff ! ! !
very sloppy . they didn't even give me time to dry my nails and collected money so quick .
awesome sarso saag n makki roti ... delicious kathi roll ... reasonable .. what more to ask ! must try
i went to the show tonight . it was great . my wife and i got photos with them after the show .
best meal in montreal - simple and good ! lots of veggie options as well .
love the new addition to the silverton ! food is delicious . haven't tasted anything i didn't like .
amazing burgers ! ! ! hells kitchen burger is the best burger i've ever had ! ! !
new chef and now the food is amazing . make sure you get the deep dish and the pizza cookie !
brilliant shrimp fried rice paired with green curry ..
pretty standard fare , but delivery definitely sets them apart in tempe .
this is the best bar in vegas . amazing beer , cocktails , and food . tons of local taps .
great people doing a great job . please leave a donation before leaving .
excellent staff and venue accomodated my new wife & i perfectly . thanks viva las vegas chapel .
great mediterranean food ! not pricey and loved their home made fruit juices !
live music , good service , no rushing , awesome food ... need i say more ? sign me up any day !
i'm a repeat customer here
great wines and cocktails
was told on twitter and here that i would be contacted and have yet to be . week and a half
yummy bbq pork banh mi . beef pho is good too . vietnamese coffee delish . great price !
delicious key lime pie ! ! !
my washer hasn't worked in 2 months and they repaired it in a day ! recommend ! 5 stars ! !
my favourite asian takeout . this place is my guilty pleasure . the korean kalbi is delicious . mmmmm
not the best nathan's i've been too . it seemed to be a bit disorganized - the food was meh ...
they have fresh bagels and a friendly staff . too bad they don't offer a military discount .
it is british style and it is very reasonably priced for such good quality of food .
stopped by for a mango-a-go-go . it was damn good as usual . it hit the spot in this damn heat ! !
purchased the lemon pepper fettuccine at the park west farmer's market , and it is excellent .
had the bone-in ribeye . it was better than hyde park , ruth chris .. and it wasn't close .
best local winebar ! great bruschetta too ! staff is good to you ! love to ride my bike there ! ! !
they are super friendly and efficient ! i'm glad they're right around the corner from my house
great home cooked meal . nice outside dining and friendly family run business . what's not to like ?
sadly it was really boring . and way to easy ! i wanted to feel like i really figured out who did it !
don't go . my friend and me both have food poisoning right after eating there ... poor hygiene
best price ! ! good poutines ! ! real good shakes ! !
service is eh , but their nutella ice cream sandwich is exceptional ! would go back just for that !
gotta love a rude staff .. learn to smile , it won't kill you . lost a future customer . xoxo .
horrible customer service . num minute wait just to drop off the phone and no one to take care of it
this is by far the best thai spot in vegas . i love this place . their thai fried rice is boom !
they do not speak english clearly . service was terrible . save your time and money and go elsewhere .
hot dogs are delicious and the topping very original . recommend to try the sweet potato fries .
nfl sunday and the place is empty . now we know why .
just visited this place . nice big store with decent prices and selection . will go again
the porky chile verde is to die for .
adobo fried rice omelette ... thats all you need to know . ;)
i just want to like it due to its location and great beer selection , but the food is awful .
always amazing always good whatever we get ! ! we never have any complaints and want more ! !
durchschnittliche burger und personal welches bei ca num % trinkgeld schnippisch reagiert ...
num - standard pedi
my stylist was lizet and she is just awesome ! my new style looks great ! ! thank you ! :)
have eaten here multiple times while on business . possibly my favorite steak house in the us .
best spagetti agli olio outside of italy ! great zwieblesuppe , and salads . service ok .
best eye doctor i've been to . fast , friendly , and professional . very satisfied with my experience .
update - they added kids stuff but removed the nikeid lab .
small airport not as complete as i thought.only one place to buy coffee
second time here but i really admired the way everyone worked together as a team . very attentive .
happy hour was fantastic ! interesting cocktails . must have brussels sprouts and the pate
blake was very knowledgeable and helpful . he is afforabel and i would definitely recommend him .
love this place the stew chicken is delish ! don't let the outside fool you it's worth it ! !
some of the best hand dripped coffee i've had since philz in san jose !
what can i say ? it's shaved ice but with a really perfect consistency , and a soft , light texture .
fantastic happy hour to match food & friendly staff .
roast beef dinner was disgusting . full of fat and grissel . never again , stick with chicken .
it was ok not the best breakfast and coffee ive had but overall it was good thanks for the coffee
crepes were divine . croque monsieur even better - we all shared to spread the tasty noms around !
i've had multiple massages and always left feeling relaxed and refreshed .
such a great shop . they have beautiful ( and yummy ) chocolates , and drinks that you can sample !
so patient yet eager to find you your dream home , this is the best realtor in the valley .
french restaurant . friendly atmosphere , food is ok . nothing fancy or delectable .
amazing service , great quality food , and the green tea ice cream sandwich is on point !
worst experience ever . this hotel is awful . stay anywhere but here .
im a fan . best cheesesteaks i've had in the valley .
kitchen closes earlier than they say it does and the last time i went i found 3 hairs in my coffee .
this place is dumb . large , overpriced , mediocre food and drinks . i won't be back .
we arrived around num and waited about num min ! the food is good the environment is great !
i have always gone here for a late falooda . they make decent falooda , chat and kulfi .
mike came to my home and was awesome ! quick , efficient and courteous ... he is your go-to guy !
very helpful place . i've used power postal to receive faxes and print out documents .
cozy atmosphere and yummy crepes ! mocha is also to die for ! get there early , it can get crowded !
they have won various awards for a reason . mitchell's serves delicious homemade ice cream !
my chicken was bloody . i'm not into salmonella . thx bye .
an excellent golf spot ! sophisticated and high class , the clubhouse has all the perfect amenities .
the duck sandwich was not bad . maybe a little over priced .
incredibly rude staff , try birks instead .
great food , good price . you must check out the bathroom ! it's something .
poor customer service . no water for num hours plus . no shower , toilet or sink works .
useless . num % of the merchandise is snake oil . the rest is overpriced kale snacks .
very good experience , the vallet boys that park your car are very cute . also burger sliders num .
awesome pretzel sandwiches . especially love the chicken salad . staff is very nice .
failed to make burgers well done on 3 different trips ... weren't just pink either , but bleeding
really good and fresh . nice change to have in the area as opposed to another sandwich shop .
really really good food ! the chicken tacos are like my mom makes .
great food ! you get more food than you pay for . support local business !
best sushi in charlotte . the favorite roll is amazing ! we just wish they had more seating .
best mexican in town . salsas are to die for and their casserole rice is amazing ! ! !
great place for the kids to play . when we went to leave our daughter didn't want to go .
great staff ! the best ramen i have had so far , and the sushi was very tasty ! will be back soon !
great food ! chef tony came personally to ensure we were happy with the food and service .
cooper in the bar was wonderful ! great service and food was delicious .
the food here isn't amazing , but it's a nice place for students to go after school or to work at .
no cover , live band , and plenty of room at the bar . yay me !
usually a long wait but very good food . authentic middle eastern food with a modern twist .
went here for a date , great environment , great food , good service . will return someday .
worst post office in vegas . don't bother coming , itll take all day , whatever youre trying to do .
excellent . the cake was amazing and the staff was very courteous and helpful
outstanding wine , great apps , i love the olive spread and the relaxing atmosphere .
creative menu . nice seating available outside . hard to believe it is owned by eatnpark !
atmosphere is fun , great cocktails , i recommend no . 2 . veggie options , good service .
i like this place a lot and its comfortable atmosphere and the food and portion is good
the fico pizza with prosciutto is the best ! ! great selection of beer , wine and spirits , well done !
hard workers , decent prices , enjoyable shawarma wraps !
nice gear selection and as probably expected a very helpful staff regarding red rock .
mornin monte was amazing ! service was excellent . our family will be coming back regularly !
the staff at camp bow wow north always does a great job !
we had a blast ! great food , beer specials , quick accurate waitstaff . excellent improv !
best customer service by eric , mary and katheleen ! ! ! they always make my shopping experience great !
great location . great pizza . try the grapefruit soda ... yeah go ahead .
good food . friendly folks . short hours not open evenings i don't think .
amazing . get the almond cream croissant ! i think its cash only .. but worth every penny .
( from a food truck )
pork tenderloin is the best around ! they also have a loose meat sandwich that is fantastic .
good prices for chinese and thai items
don't miss the view that calton hill offers .
the best french dip sandwich in the valley hands down . i'll be back to try the wings .
great device , chill place . pretty good hookah and a good selection of food . highly recommend it .
tasty chinese food ! .. pretty good service with nice music ...
the team at sweettouch carpet cleaning loves jims . great hamburgers and fries .
this is a brand new salon next to t_j maxx clean stylish and the tech did a great job
best lash place in vegas . all the girls are so professional and the boutique is so cute .
great little patio and they do wine ratings every friday and saturday for $ num a person
good place for shopping . a large number of stores but hard to park !
master yoon has great teaching skills and my kids loves his classes ! ! definally # 1 master in town !
this is my favourite thing about las vegas . never fails to entertain !
my favorite local sushi spot ! the steakhouse is excellent and very reasonably priced as well .
one of the best spots to eat at if your in the vegas area . the lamb meal is a must try # 1
this buffet was terrible . the food was old and soggy . i will never eat there again
phenomenal sushi ! ! best i've had in a long time ! ! everything was so fresh !
good vegan ice cream .
definitely not stingy on the meat ! the hot corned beef and the baked potatoes are delicious .
this place is amazing ! ! ! best pizza i've had in a very long time can't wait to order again
small , cute place ! good food and service was great ! will be returning again soon ! :) ) )
this place is blah . food reminiscent of lubby's cafeteria . only come here if you enjoy bland food .
steak dinner was excellent ! num brew , too .
best place to get a beef n labm gyro in vegas , for sure .
great products ! a bit small , but i'm always so glad it's here when i start missing okinawa
wonderful service - my fiance and i both had a full treatment and it was excellent . thanks lmarie !
i drive num minutes to get pizza from jose . excellent service and value . food is amazing .
angel waiter is the best . food is awesome . and margaritas are good . happy hour is good deal
the dodge ball and climbing wall were as popular as ever .
nice atmosphere . however i found their personal pizzas under-cooked . the crust was rather doughy .
clean and modern . unfortunately , pretty cold in the winter standing outside on the platform .
the best ayce in downtown ! strongly recommend mango fushion , akagai and unagi sushi !
best espresso in the middle of uptown . owner paul is passionate about his espresso and customers .
amazing pizza , best veal and chicken sandwiches i've ever had . always made and tastes fresh !
i took a chance on this places and boy was i surprised good service and big portions for the price .
sushi is amazing ! they have great lunch specials . everyone is very nice and super helpful
this place is awesome ! ! glow zone has excellent customer service and great place to have fun .
wonderful dinner , wonderful staff , and a wonderful atmosphere all equate to an amazing evening .
always our go to pizza place in ajax , love the pono special , so much cheese and very filling !
the coffees and frozen drinks are very good . the yogurt was premade , so the granola was mushy .
love this place ! a bit of a drive but so worth it ! guilt free food with all the flavor !
fantastic place . really flavorful beer ... bold , smooth recipes . great shrimp tacos and smoked wings .
i have never seen a line like the one at taco bell when the bars let out . insanity .
excellent hair styling by stella . highly recommended the pedicure is really good as well .
simply love this place , authentic , very reasonably priced abd great portions .. highly recommend ! ! !
blt is always cold ! every single time . a deli should know how to put hot bacon on a blt sandwich .
great place awesome atmosphere and they have specialty saturday nights with different themes .
best ribs in town ! ask for the beef gravy when ordering the mash potatoes ! so yummy yummy
. great practice staff and rns . very informative and highly recommended . :)
great haircut . great stylist . ask for karen.terrific value . highly recommend .
outstanding . tasty . great staff and service . so good to have this in cp .
better than dennys by far . flo at the helm !
in vegas ? stop gambling your life away , and go here now ! i recommend the entire northern menu .
great view and atmosphere . find the menu somewhat limited and expensive but definetly a hotspot .
great place super friendly ppl that own and work there ..
view was great . food and cocktails were delicious . veery good
terrible service , got my order wrong and acted like that was mine fault , and everything is bland .
knowledgeable instructor , great class . highly recommended . conveniently located , modern facilities .
my fave for chinese take out . the food is fresh and tasty at low prices .
prime rib . it's a great deal . very good .
great variety of things to do . a definite when visiting this area .
taste only cumin.powder , and the worst rice ever ever tried dry and unsalty . don't go .
great comfort food at reasonable prices . quality craft cocktails without pretense . will revisit .
great job . got me in at the last minute . had a great massage . professional and relaxing . kudos .
the food is soo good . i love elmers
great pizza use their yelp coupon it worked out great . also had the meatball they were good too !
this place is absolutely filthy . food is inedible . wouldn't ever step foot into this place again .
great korean fusion and traditional style food . went twice during our short trip to montreal .
love this place ~ great deal at the lunch special !
oh so good ! they even have little $ 4 cakes !
good , not great . for the price , there are better steakhouses to choose from in madison .
best thai food we've had in a while ! very nice , very clean and kid friendly ... we will be back .
great pitas , and the number 2 smoothie is the best best . clean and good customer service .
i would say it's an okay , run of the mill place , but i got sick . blech .
always great service ! great family owned business ! only place i'll get my alkaline water !
nice enough place . i wasn't overly-impressed , but it was ok . i'd recommend the mac & cheese .
dr . simon is the best ! i've been going to him for a long time and the new place is great !
great customer service . janine is very helpful and always willing to go the extra mile !
great sushi and great service . portions could be a little bigger but still fresh and yummy .
my family loves their honey wheat bread . i find my-self stopping in a few times a week .
2 stars for a nice staff ... but the place is in need of a major cleaning and upgrade .
best shrimp and grits this side of charleston . homemade dessert . very southern yet gourmet .
great probs on the lunch menu . the mongolian beef could be a bit hotter for my taste buds
really good pizza and great variety of pizzas and beer . little bit overpriced but still super good .
awesome ! ! once you try a pie snob pie you will be hooked
for a healthy tasty meal it doesn't get better . evolution does one thing and they do it very well .
great catering ... food and service outstanding . we will use them again
i enjoyed this japanese restaurant ! ! the plum ice cream is aaahh - mazing and a must try !
great place to have fun and gamble and defiantly a superb place to stay at .
like tonights staff . courteous , polite , and very helpful .
this place has a great staff . its nice and clean and they sanitize !
great service ! affordable pricing , they are very friendly people here and there was no line !
great downtown choice ! killer craft beer selection and scrumptious comfort food .
service is fine , but the food is not so thai authentic . i need to try different places .
average service . way too long to prepare simple items like a sandwich or a salad . too expensive .
knowledgeable staff . no pressure for this or that . great bed , very strong . a bit pricey .
fabulous tiki drinks . be sure to check out tiki time machine tuesdays . the food is good too ! ! !
you can never go wrong with this place .
nice surprise in charlotte ! decent food and good selection . service was friendly
super cheap for the quality ! get peanut butter chocolate and butter pecan .
great place ! friendly people ! great nails ! i recommend danny !
reverse happy hour ( num ) food is great , location couldnt be better .
dr . reyes is very caring , and i really appreciate that !
this place is huge , fast service , awesome music , hot chicks everywhere . :)
wrong order . whaaatt ? curry ok . instant noodle . meh .
very nice and very classy restaurant with great food great service great atmosphere great decor
team of professionals with great bedside manner ! they really care about their patients ! !
the best tm in town ! the staff is always friendly and food is amazing ! shout out to aj tonight !
solid three . mexico city style food . good service . ( way better than places like macayo's . )
excellent food , wonderful service and inside was nice and cool , definitely be back !
absolutely wonderful experience . amazing food , great selection , wonderful taste . great little gem .
jeremy is highly recommended ! quick , efficient , and excellent customer service ! ! great tech !
excellent pho and the best spring rolls ! all around a very good menu with good pricing .
wonderful pastries , salads and sandwiches . friendly service . never disappointed when i order .
its ok , but i got sick from the corn dog . the cherry limeaide is alwayse a winner though .
dr . brenke and dr . morghan are excellent pediatric dentists , and the staff is very nice . a + !
food is meh ... little overpriced for what it is .
good food , service ok , jasmine tea is good too . thai tea good and ginger chicken is good .
great home town bar with a nice atmosphere for watching your favorite sports team play .
love this place ... the best soup ... i love those cucumbers ... and very friendly stuff ...
yum ! coog-an-amman-tastic !
i had the best omelet ( the babalama - bacon , tomato , avocado , and cheddar ) of my life here .
i could maybe live on jerk fried rice and snickerdoodles .
try the tuna tacos !
jessica does a great job with hair , have used her for years !
undoubtedly some of the most over priced , terrible food in the city . unfriendly , staff to boot .
good ice cream and the hours are much improved since there is a new owner ! glad to have them here .
i have been to many chinese buffets including southern california , this is by far the best ever !
my daily stop ! yummy yummy , vroom vroom ! they got race fuel and food ! perfect mix !
disgusting ... need to be shut down , maybe we should have clued in when they make your pay first .
mcdrive + mccafe vorhanden . klein und immer voll ! leider keine rutsche :-(
i'm pretty sure if you could eat heaven ... this is what it would taste like .
red roasted peppers lobster soup was delicious , however the bread was flavorless and dull .
lived up to its hype , best tacos i've had since mexico .
my palate hates me
authentic drinks are salsa and chips are good too i eat here all the time good staff
thank you jimmy for being so kind and fair on my air conditioning problem . a customer forever ! ! !
it's good food there i try the ribeye steak
i found this place downtown and now one closer to home . good quality and nice people !
i've ordered take out from here twice in the last week and the food is fresh and tasty !
great service , great prices , great local spot ! ! ! love the crispy yummyness of their waffles !
grilled beef burger was honesty the best damn burger i have ever had . can't even describe it !
this place is closed ... says there will be a family italian place going in .
great carne asada ! cooked perfectly . nachos awesome .
order the corn beef sandwich , and be sure to share it with a friend . the chicken soup is good too .
eh . my burrito was cold and el pastor was way under seasoned . such a bummer for such pricey food .
great bread , quality meats , fresh toppings , and all at a reasonable price what more do you want .
my favorite is the amaretto cream with blackberries or irish cream and strawberries ! sooooo good !
everything you need for crafts , but be prepared for a num minute wait to check out ...
best thai food ever the soups are excellent and i love the thai tea , very friendly and clean .
nice instructor . hummer drop off to any hotel was complimentary . nice experience . enjoyed a lot .
decent food , great happy hour half off appetizers .
great thai food . if you don't get into byblos ( across the street ) this is good alternative !
my favorite show in las vegas and i've been to a lot of them . enough said ! a must see .
wonderful staff and absolutely adore dr . olga !
we had an issue with the company they used to fix our ac , it was resolved quickly and fairly .
it was just " ok " if you don't know what good sushi is them you will probably love it .
great little shop , delicious cheese and well informed staff .
good food and atmosphere . nice neighborhood bar service was very quick and observant
num beers on tap and the carolina bbq platter . need i say more ? great beers , good food , fun times .
food was great , good music ! stephanie was our bartender , will definitely come back :)
cheap , old fashioned , and family friendly . the $ 1 candy is a plus .
update : after all was said and done , it was num of num people that had food poisoning .
so moist . best cake i have ever had . we have had every single flavor and go at least once a month !
phenomenal customer service . food came out hot and looking delicious ! can't wait to dig in :)
the decor here is amazing and food is delicious ! ! would definitely come back here again .
the best service and friendly too . i like the pool and the instructors for yoga and pilates .
yesss . awesome place to go ... usually not a terribly long wait on weekends .
i call the deliver last night , food is good , organ chicken so good , deliver is fast , l like it !
super bomb ! and it was a fun experience :)
love this place ! by far the best mani / pedi i've ever gotten in charlotte . num % recommend
not the prettiest place . but the koobedeh is the best i had in toronto.very tasty .
great bakery but pastrami sandwitch falls short big time ! ! ! its just not the real thing ! !
been great everytime weve gone , good wings too ! just like organoes wings
had a great time here on num / num ! ! met the nicest people . love that you can gamble in the lounge .
great jamocha shakes though !
great instructors . much better than going to a traditional gym .
opus x with a glass of num grapes port ... what else do you say ? luv it !
it is simply a big knockoff store ! ! ! will never shop here ! ! !
great options and food but i need a side of pepto bismo when i eat it . not worth the dirreaha .
great place awesome guys and a great job on the hair i make it in when ever im in town .
get there early for lunch or else you're in a long lineup that stretches to the door .
no frills , quick service . nothing crazy , just a good haircut . can't complain .
competitive room rates , great rooms , top-notch restaurants , shuttle to strip . best bang-for-buck .
they need to bring bring back the waffle fries an get rid of those regular fries.the good was good .
don't go between 3 pm and 4 pm unless you want soggy and warm food .
really good place to get takeout sushi when you're craving sushi and don't want to spend that much .
fast and friendly . definitely the best mexican food i've had from the area . good for kids as well .
great place just had lunch there today ! pulled pork sandwich and mac and cheese were excellent !
went for are first time . the property is very nice and relaxing . the food is amazing good .
very enjoyable meal and polite staff well recommend a visit . the pistachio korma is delicious .
again ! ! ! outstanding service . they impress me every time i come here . awesome ulta staff . ann
great spring get-away for my wife and me . expensive , but fun place .
just recently drove by this target . it was one of my favorites . now it's closed !
servers were friendly . the pizza came quickly and was very goos . would come back again for sure .
not your typical deli meat-this is the real deal with the shredded turkey . very good .
mad-mex does not serve southern fried catfish , but they do have tex mex .
really great place for simple brunch or lunch ! i love the famous rueben sandwiches !
excellent service , really nice staff interested in getting you as pain free as possible !
nigri was very fresh ... but i agree with other reviewers that the rolls are way over sauced .
amazing food , good staff , and good atmosphere . i would eat there everyday of the week if i could !
best tamales ever ! ! definitely 5 star , great food , nice atmosphere , coming back for sure !
love this place . amazing food and great drinks . knocked it out of the park
great coffee , nice ambiance , close to home what more could i ask for . place is very hipster btw .
went there for sitafal icecream which was not available . good place but needs more variety .
first time used bulwark . our technician sam was on time and did a thorough job . so far so good .
great hotel and amenities . service was exceptional . my favorite part was the lazy river .
dirty as well .
yummy great place to take a break from the heat .
i love the food and the staff here . been here a few times . great place for date night !
service was ok . tacos were great but small . the first set of chips were rancid :(
great venue for live shows and concerts from what i remember .
the service was excellent ! steaks were cooked perfectly . fun entertainment live music .
only tried this place once but my dish was great . soy chicken pad thai . hope to come back soon .
my smokes meat was perfect and the pasta dish i tried was also good but the service is so bad !
arizona bowl is great , teenage boys claim the best teryiyaki chicken in the valley .
so excited ! tried to pies and delicious . going back for sure ! great to go or cute to sit and enjoy .
valarie was awesome she really went out of her way to make sure i was num % satisfied with my wash .
great seafood ! they offer different types of ceviche . great mechelada's . definitely going back .
they have the best donuts in the valley , hands-down . i like the old fashioned donuts best .
fast and friendly service . reasonably priced . great people .
nice food and good service but slightly on the expensive side for what you get .
great sushi and pad thai . not the best hibachi i've had , but definitely good .
phenomenal hand rolls and maki rolls ( spicy salmon / tuna / crab ) !
great food , bad attitudes at this location . hardly makes it worth it .
these guys are awesome ! they lift trucks correctly and are fairly priced . i won't go anywhere else .
consistently great food and great service and a traditional num ' s diner atmosphere . perfect !
you kind of have to go here to determine if it is your thing .
great place to have appetizers , a light meal , drinks and socialize . good place to go before a show .
my favorite diner in ohio . i love partying at kent and going to mike's in the morning .
i can't believe i waited so long to try this awesome place ! ! !
great friendly place ... food is above average for bar food . my goto place in the area
i was very excited for this place because of all good reviews but the burgers are just okay !
fresh breads , nice place . if you are looking for casual french place , definitely come over here .
i was sad to hear this bar closed as they had great st . patty's day parties .
soooo good . i've had their rueben omelet and the rueben benny . both were very good .
chicken nachos were pretty good . i like the mac & cheese .
beautiful place .. lots of beautiful and natural holistic items . i plan to visit again very soon
solid wings . solid food . a place to go to that's off the beaten path . also a decent price as well .
great food , great prices ... just dont count on eating there ! ! ! lol
the price is a little bit high , but food is good and the sides are refiiled quickly .
good food , good service , and friendly regulars - - there's much to like about shakey's .
this is a del taco , service standard , food standard . its definitely not cafe rio
milo was taking care of us while we watched the cardinals game and was amazing ! food was great .
great burgers ! over-filling the yummy fries is awesome ! impossible to leave here hungry .
don't eat here , unless you can stomach a receipt in the salad . terrible quality control .
the food was amazing and fresh ! the chipolte sauce is to die for and the staff was so friendly !
excellent service , wings medium are really hot to me but other than that , love the place
food was one of a kind . the decor and the energy is great . will come back with out a doubt
the food was dry and tasted like it had been a couple of days old or more . very displeased ! ! !
go there for all my hardware needs . good plants and planters as well
you should avoid this place if you have rims and vogues they do not take time to clean them
amazing gelato with flavors that change depending on what fruit is in season . highly recommend it .
i will take my car to get an oil change next time .
loving hickey , best sushi chef of all time , makes great food and what a great entertainer
this is one of the best breakfast restaurant i've been to . the home fries are not greasy .
this jack has always been great ! great customer service , fast and fresh food . tacos are crispy !
services and food are great . it's worth your time and money here . highly recommend this place .
best sound system in vegas . great concert environment . still haven't had that damn chicken .
takeout kiosk only . great pakistani fast food . bun kebabs and qeema naans are amazing . good tea too
tried the cardio barre with live accompaniment . very cool . nice facility ( of course ) .
love be this lil wonderland , great staff , wonderful animal rescue , just a very beautiful place .
the sushi rolls here are incredible , and the service is excellent . this place is a hidden gem !
worst female barbers of all time . learn to cut black hair or go back to beauty school or something
du hamburger comme on aime !
fantastic food , atmosphere and staff . i visit on a weekly basis and am always satisfied .
fantastic scenery ! the service is incredible ! all yah need is a beer and a mother egging bro
great location , very nice hotel , spacious and clean with comfortable beds . no complaints .
a few items of girls clothing .
excellent food , and service . will return it's a great place . but they like reservations
nice fresh rolls , and the horseradish sauce with the yam fries was definitely a highlight .
i had to eat my tacos with a fork
went here a year ago on my vacation and the food was great !
good food ! great service ! amanda is the best !
great quick service ! also very friendly workers and the process only took about 5 minuets .
very good service and food however could be a little cheaper .
love love love blue fin . the staff are the nicest people ever . i love the panko fish bowl .
rude service . very unpleasant order takers . plus bagels are just as bad as eating doughnuts .
horrible service ! ! they don't even bother to get you a drink ! won't recommend to anyone
love their sushi lunch special , miso soup , and house salad ! great service and prices too .
for a " high end " joint , this place leaves you in want . move on .
ate at the sushi bar and have had their take out . always delicious . best sushi in bridgeville .
professional , helpful , knowledgeable and friendly . i look forward to my next purchase with them .
the short rib roast was heavenly ! great mojitos , service , and atmosphere as well .
vegan big mac was pretty solid - a little bit pricier than i expected .
very pleasant vet practice . kind considerate staff . have been going there for years .
anytime
we visit vegas 2 to 3 times a year and the bellagio fountains never get old .
their complimentary pita is simply amazing . chicken kafta plate and lentil soup are a must try .
great food , good service , easy to park .
greatest pizza in the valley . only thing that compares is oregonoes .
wonderful staff . they were so nice and gentle with my dog . i will continue to bring her here .
went solely for the ice cream macaroons - omg . i could eat these all night .
food was good , i had the onion ring burger which was delicious . fries were just ok . fast service .
the pandan icecream they have is my soulmate . enough said .
been here several times , the players points and rewards among the best i've seen in vegas ,
unlimited skewered meat & salad bar ... how can you go wrong ? ? ?
it takes to to become familiar with this place when i've been going to goodwill for so long
love it ... first timer ! so busy ... but so nice . the views are incredible . staff extremely nice .
this place has great salads . clean , efficient compared to other sweet tomatoes in the area .
looked at yelp and wanted to try it today but it is closed , forever apparently .
this place is closed . bouncer at door told us that minxx is closed and instead new gay club started
great food ! ! the bread , the salads and the pasta was all amazing . great flavors ! service was good !
i really like the decor and artworks . decent beer choices and food .
came at num and place closed
barbacoa tacos very good orchata very good also . the only problem is the wait they need extra help
einfach nur lecker ! ! immer wieder und wieder :)
excellent service , quick and painless . best capriottis around !
wish the jets in jacuzzi worked and the water was super hot like a jacuzzi should be .
i like tempura .
i love my lashes .. they are so beautiful . flirty but natural looking . great price too !
one of my friends recommended this place to me and the food was ok , but made me super sick ! :(
holy crap ! what the hell was i eating before ? this stuff they call corned beef here is awesome !
walked around for about num minutes until we realized this place is closed .
work here and love it . no better nurses , physicians or any other speciality in the valley
the was tea was old tasting . the chicken was tough . there was only one waiter
amazing service . very experienced staff .
amazing room . even more amazing view . house cleaning understood to leave us the hell alone .
the best restaurant in gilbert . period . if you have kids there is no where else better .
great environment and friendly staff . very knowledgeable about what's on tap . dog friendly !
great drinks and amazing food , open late for industry people ..
great place and service ! a bit pricy compare to other pho places but overall busy and good food
they were so incredibly helpful , and made all of our moving / storing an easy and smooth process .
just another neighborhood place with nothing redeeming about it . not much to enjoy . a real eh .
miss u dr nguyen hope all is well
would go anywhere else . great family owned shop . great prices and great people to know ...
over priced , over hyped restaurant . .. nothing to write home about . stick with twin peaks .
the lamb biryani is awesome . strictly take-out material though . don't even think about eating in .
great local japanese grocery store . i go mostly for their daily freshly prepared sushi
they have redeemed themselves ! better service this time ! great pizza !
came to see music and it is set up in the mall , what a great idea
bucky gave me an excellent massage ! he was professional , genuine , and exceeded my expectations .
second time at nail salon with amazing and sanitary results . love tina ! i will continue going here .
who would've thought . awesome lunch and salad . love the don gobbler .
it's as good as an airport gets ... airports suck ! ! ! lol
rent here unless you enjoy being treated like trash .
fantasic and very friendly staff ! the best in charlotte hands down !
not happy about the management in galleria . the apt is good but the rest is not
omigod . regular ice cream will never be good enough after this . something out of this world !
yum . love schlotzskys . this location was good . clean , quiet , and prompt service . no complaints .
love the chicken rolls . i prefer north italian pizzerias & those are hard to find down here .
pad thai n chicken satay .. thai tea ...
top eis vorallem blutorange und schokolade
best tater tots and the crowd is always fun . service is great and prices are on point .
bad service they tell you to came back in num when there is people in the place . rude .
wow . service is fantastic . food is so fun and delicious . tapas satisfy all desires .
good luck finding a hot machine ; the bartender always gets it first .
love this place the dungin crab with salt and pepper is deliceous great food and customer service
jim huegle the store manager is the worst store manager i've ever come in contact with ... screw cvs
super salty food and negative service , would not recommend
michelle was fantastic extremely knowledgeable about product , techniques and after care .
i just had the best red thai curry i've ever had in my life here ! very good highly recommended !
we came in late night for drinks , didn't smoke hookah but service was good .
nice people work here . the place is always clean and the gas is shell .
monty is a great guy ! we just moved to town and this seems like a great shop for my music needs .
good food , but the service is so disappointing its not worth the trip .
cheap membership and lots of machines ! overall a great place to workout , no complaints !
their pizza and salads are fast and delicious ! i never have any complaints with their service .
friendly staff and amazing food ! i always leave here with a smile and a stuffed belly .
pizza is always hot and ready never need to wait ! taste good for the price of $ 5 pies
absolutely gorgeous hotel with nice restaurants and shops . who doesn't want to ride in a gondola ?
i finally found the best wax experience in vegas ! ultra professional and great products .
what a cool little place ! very good food , friendly prompt service . out of town and will be back !
this place was gross . the meat was fatty , the broth was salty and the service was horrific . blech .
excellent service , good music and great food .
always amazing ! ! ! anytime i want a burrito i come here . its always perfect and always so delicious .
i love harley's , but my liver hates it . booze and bait , what more do you want ?
we saw santa clause ! kids had a great time . very pretty atmosphere . ice scating .
small airport easy to get in and out of . free wifi ! what else do you need . verry clean too .
awesome show , great comedians & dancers . highly recommended seeing a comedy show here .
what makes this one stands out is free wifi ! yeah ! that's the best thing .
sandra is the best . i always get what i want in a style and she makes me feel pretty .
awesome turtle cheesecake cupcake . it was delicious ! ! ! nothing else has to be said beyond that .
lovely couple that own / run it .
awesome food and service , along with the pizza , check out the meatballs and bruschetta
great value . not the absolute best sushi but very tasty and you get a lot for your money
good greek food . friendly service . affordable . laidback atmosphere .
helpful staff that provides quick and courteous service .
i love the ultimate grilled cheese and garden chowder .
i love pca ! mayo and nicole are awesome , caring people and the price cannot be beat .
very slow delivery . not recommend it . you can buy more good things from ebay .
great food finally somebody knows what over medium means . big portions good prices great flavor
food was great , easy to order and at my door in under num min !
this place sucks . shitty service me & my girlfriend walked inn & nobody noticed us
very good food ! num off wine on tuesdays ! great atmosphere !
appt was with jacob . service was awesome ! will definitely will be calling noble in future !
have a verbena cocktail and munch on the little flower garnish !
excellent korean food - simply the best i've had around the world . the gal bi tang is really good .
beat italian food in vegas ... amazing view , will continue to go here til i move ! great job mike
great pizza - if you order the house salad be aware it's very large , but only lettuce & croutons .
finally an ice cream place ! i'm so sick of all the gelato and frozen yogurt . this place is legit .
repeat : not sure .
i have stayed here many times ! you have to eat at sushi roku .
one of my favorite vegas hotels . classy , classy ... and sexy !
great beer selection and spicy tuna roll !
amazing tacos ! the seating and parking can be a little dicey , but the food is worth it .
pretty nice place . conveniently located .
room is very nice and the staff is helpful . don't like their wifi plan though
great locals bar . the servers are great , foods not bad , stiff drinks .
do yourself a favor ... go here . get the super nachos and a large horchata . absolutely phenomenal .
kool aid ! why aren't you eating at lolo's yet ?
this is my favorite location of my favorite major coffee chain . great atmosphere great baristas !
an amazing selection of beers , great service and a cozy inviting atmosphere
great beef on weck and meatball sandwich . order at counter and they bring it to your table .
local favorite . really never go wrong here . love the seafood coconut soup in hot pot to share .
great place with an impressive cigar and whiskey selection ! my favorite cigar bar by far
no so good . loud , but when a band play's there you know of what does it matter ?
pho is very good for the price , great place to eat on a budget .
tim the nail man is great ! super nice and talented at what he does !
expensive but flawless . best steak and oysters i've ever had . great for a special occasion . :)
good value , friendly and personable staff . only a couple hiccups but overall i've been satisfied
outstanding . service was fantastic . the original chopped salad was amazing . #micdrop #yum #orderit
for the money , this was good and plentiful food served with a friendly smile !
absolutly recommend this pharmacy ! the pharmacist are very knowledgable and friendly .
delicious food . great attitude from the staff . fast fast service . what more could you want ?
i like going to ross but not this one , its always full and there's not much of variety on shoes .
slow delivery , over an hour . tasted very similar to domino's .
red is good ! nice juice steak and good services
i like the pho here . next time i will order xl size and don't sit too close the door ... it's windy !
lovely restaurant in little italy , friendly staff , great food , num would recommend to a friend .
at midnight when you are hungry nothing is better than subways . the guy was fast and polite ...
been a regular for 4 years and i love this place . amazing staff and they cater to your every need !
awesome people and staff and they do an excellent job ! ! num stars to the cleaning monkey !
excellent food , excellent service . reservations was easy , and finding the place was easy as well .
i come for lunch sometimes and it's okay . quick and filling portions for a good price .
cool atmosphere , quick friendly service , sup par pad thai . good meat , overcooked noodles , no heat .
i love love love eco angels ! ! ! they do amazing work and make your home feeling like heaven ! !
a great place for sunday brunch !
ein sehr guter grieche , der alles frisch macht
great breakfast , always brings a doggie bag home . good value for your money & service is great .
just an update that the spa upped the facial to $ num so that the package now feels like $ 5 off .
did a terrific job ! competitive pricing !
good real ales and friendly atmosphere !
superior food and service . the flat iron steak was perfect . we will return here .
super professional , excellent value . sara was superb . owner is a gem !
the thing i miss most about montreal .
their olive bar is awesome . they also have cheese and dip samples . i really like their feta humus .
service was a bit slow but friendly . nachos were great . we would come again for sure !
very friendly staff , great rooms , nice reastaurnt , and nice bar . highly recommend staying here .
it's ok . i like subway better but when we have a coupon i will visit here .
excellent experience renting from josh . very helpful and informative . made the process simple .
speedy , high quality and professional service . highly recommended . will definitely use again .
our group all had different entree and loved the food . the waitress was also very awsome !
one of the best indian places in vegas . it has , authentic biryani and buffet is worth trying .
great cut by oscar ! ! ! found my self the best barber in vegas ! got me right in for my appointment .
they have some really neat dishes on the menu . fried potato bowl is really good . friendly staff !
love this place . good food , good entertainment . we come here every time we're in town .
it's like a blue home depot , just backwards .
great vegan food joint , much more flavorful than other spots . my wife loves it here ! .
best sushi in vegas . the fish is fresh , and they use great ingredients . mostly locals .
new favorite spot in phx . great food and even better drinks !
they advertise a free week then don't honor it .
great food and great service ... the south charlotte needed a good bbq place !
delicious , savory food . the steak is cooked to perfection . the side dishes are made in heaven .
average chinese buffet . good food . therere better buffets around w larger food selections .
below average bagels . eggs had no taste . fast service .
pizza is pretty good , very clean joint on the inside . staff is friendly and on top of things .
great atmosphere - awesome steaks - friendly staff - i'm a regular for sure .
great sonoran hotdogs ! my order never gets messed up ! i have been coming here for a long time !
$ num for some noodles and burnt chicken . wow . however , they do not skimp on the fortune cookies .
a personal favorite in surprise ! try the supreme rolled tacos w / carne asada .
one of my favorite places to go eat . great food , friendly staff , very clean and good vibe
small family business that turns out fantastic greek food ! love their tzatziki sauce ! !
near by , convenient and good customer service , i wish it was num .
i will definitely be back .
the valet is annoying and gets in the way .
amazing healthy and flavor packed food . the huacatay sauce is the perfect amount of kick !
this place is a typical greasy spoon . mostly previously frozen , costco junk food . yuk !
the technician ed was on time , very courteous , and did a great job . i would highly recommend num .
deana is a gem . listened to exactly what i wanted . best haircut of my entire life . very pleased .
love this place ! great food , large portions and friendly service . ask for the senior discount .
got there at num pm and the staff took us in and we had a great dinner . everything was delicious
great food and fast service . excellent when you are at the airport chasing airplanes .
great shopping center and i found what i needed on a very good price .
this place was delicious ! ! great lunch combos and sushi was fresh . my new favorite lunch spot :-)
awesomr show . the man sounds just like him . great if your an elvis fan .
best ice cream in town ! ! ! , live in hunting ridge so it is very convenient and " delightful " :)
great bakery . the staff is knowledgable , the food is yummy and the service is great .
the best cassata cake anywhere ! ! ! good thing i live about an hour away if not i'll be so fat .
good fun , great time , really friendly staff .
great customer service and quick , quality shoe repair !
my fav beauty supply in vegas . clean , well organized selections , and helpful staff .
real tapas ! ! delicious tapas ! estrella galicia lager . killer mojitos !
best thai in pittsburgh . their pad thai is unbelievable .
rupa always does an excellent job on my eyebrows . thanks rupa !
good food , huge proportion , friendly staff and very very fast . you can order by text message .
they no longer have happy hour . boo ...
wonderful restaurant but the lighting could be better . overhead lighting is too bright .
consistently good catered sandwiches , pasta salads , and pickles ! a lunch time favorite .
terrible fairways and kind of a boring course .
this place will fill your belly ! good food great beer and amazing service !
perfect ! i loved the greek salad with gyro and the hummus . fresh ingredients and great flavor .
still good eats to be had here ! ! !
awesome ! ! ! i ordered the pbj burger and it tasted heavenly ! service here is great , as well .
awesome service and great food . stayed here for a week and was satisfied all around every time .
foie gras mousse ... honestly the best .
apartments are okay , staff is hard to deal with .
there is always a good deal here .
great atmosphere . service is usually pretty good . the food is just ok .
just as good as the original , but larger . no two-hour wait this time . best seafood in vegas .
mercedes did an amazing job on my nails ! i love them , and plan to keep going back to her !
great place for breakfest . when i worked in the area , we would go there for a pancake lunch .
great store ! lol they should have more employees but the workers just work there not own it
great neighbourhood diner , inexpensive and consistently good food ! love their skinny fries ! !
great food and great atmosphere . make sure to ask for a traditional table
the owner was very helpful and the store has a beautiful selection of reptiles and supplies !
fabulous wine , food and service . superb attention to detail and a true dining experience .
this place was a great date night . good atmosphere and drinks , i'll definitely be back .
try their steak & shrimp , taste ok , service on par
buissness is actually good . they fixed my broken laptop screen for a nice price .
love that they have dead guy ale here !
great little resturant . food was excellent if your ever up this way be sure to stop by .
love this place . we always stop after running in north park . great beverages and great baristas .
good breakfast served quickly , but nothing special and quite pricey - even for vegas .
strawberry coconut mojito , pork tacos , and churros are amazing .
this place has so much to offer . great staff amazing food and fun ! ! what more could you ask for .
go see willy for all your cell phone repair needs , fast and reliable , hes the best in town ! ! !
best ham ever i will only serve this for my holiday dinner .
good martini , good energy , great music , never too crowded .
great dentist explained everything well and i like how you can get free bleach trays .
i love this place ! the kale salad is amazing ! one of my favorite for healthy dining !
poor customer service , unorganized , disgusting food line , very disappointed . so done with cr ! :(
carne asada tacos are amazing . very clean and well operated . definitely gonna come here again
great pizza . great service . great ambiance . guido is amazing . you won't be disappointed .
post med school interview . perfect . all the beer was wonderful and the service was great .
awesome teas and smoothies . great atmosphere ! ! ! the garlic seaweed fries are really good .
excellent food and service . the people there are very polite . i would definitely go back .
vegas . ! ! baby with the whole fam damly
not sure why everyone raves about the fried chicken , it was awful . over cooked , dry and very salty .
great bbq . they serve during lunch time and until the meat runs out . very friendly staff .
this place is simply the best . fresh , spicy , and fun . very popular , always a crowd , so come early
great variety of shops ; however , not a big fan of them putting those kiosks in .
great staff , hooked it up even after i screwed up my order . will be back , thanks guys !
quick and consistent . best pho in this neck of the woods .
bought a great couch sectional from the town center and num location . great deal ! !
great prices , quick install , carpet turned out exactly as we had hoped . will use them again ! !
nice quiet place to call it home . :) i love the gated entry and the direct garage access .
great mexican food ! fresh and hot ! the chips are delicious as well . service was very kind and fast .
love to tan here . always very pleasant and super clean ! !
this is the one and only place in vegas for authentic maryland seafood , and they do it right !
the driver was fast ! ! very helpful . he got me and my baby to my machanic safe ! ! freddy was great !
wetter war eine katastrophe um so besser war's heute hier zu gastieren ! ! !
great steak place in cle . really attentive service and quality options
yellowtail carpaccio is amazing . waygu beef is done quite rare so it's a bit too chewy .
wish i lived closer , great place for good beer .
never again ! num min wait for a pre paid car ! avoid at all cost .
my favorite location ! always clean and well stocked ! i rarely have a wait to check out at all !
takeout - dinner convenient thai spot for locals . otherwise on par with green mango .
awesome ! best massage i ever had after long night if partying ;) definitely come again .
first time eating here it was good . if your looking to try it do it ! lots to choose from ..
lisa was fantastic . street tacos were amaze-balls . margherita flatbread was to die for .
when the world ends , i want the the last flavor on my tongue to be the scallop tacos .
the donuts are amazing but the mango smoothie i had today was delish ! will be going a lot more !
excellent food , great service , and great uniforms ( they go to work in their pj's ) !
absolutely the best customer service experience i've encountered in a very long time . great store .
a beautiful way to spend afternoon tea in toronto !
food was good . went for thursday night football . num cent wings ! yeah !
holy waffle sandwich . or something like that . place is awesome . waffles are light and airy .
very good food and great size portions ! ! ! right around the corner from home . can't beat that ! ! !
great food , amazing selection , pretty decent salad bar - what more can a man ask for !
best food and drinks with a great crowd . i'm just lucky enough to be waking distance from here
best meal of my life . highly recommend meatball appetizer and dear goodness those garlic rolls !
good service really quick when i make an order and the staff is always nice to talk to !
this place is amazing ! ! ! every flavor is so delicious ! ! ! staff is friendly and welcoming
the food is amazing ! the decor is out of date but i thinks it adds to the appeal .
this is my favorite retail store in phx , i have small feet so able to always find something good !
food is delicious and service is very good . all of the meats we had were great quality .
food was ok , just ok ... coffee was abysmal . price was borderline outrageous .
new lb and snow rolls are great ! try them on wednesday - - - half price sushi roll night !
love this place for sushi . you must try the american dream roll ! you'll thank me later , i promise .
everything is stocked and they're open until their posted time !
the food is great , fast , healthy , with friendly staff . usually busy take out .
this place is fantastic ! i used to go to their bloor west location all the time .
brandon , cisco , and fernando were great ! ! our group had an awesome time . thanks ! !
very good breakfast buffet . got to get a made-to-order omlette !
very good sonoran hot dogs for a decent price . interesting location , but food is worth it .
very cute shop . really no tea or gluten free options , though .
slow but friendly service . excellent chai latte . relaxed and comfortable atmosphere .
get the mixed berry waffles . they will change your life . the place is pretty cool too .
they have the best service in town ... by far ! ! ! . my fav is the cold brew latte with sea salt ! ! !
great ramen ! crowded and busy but worth the wait if you love soup and home made noodles !
$ num for an one scoop ice cream cone . it tastes ok . it's a bit pricey but it's vegas ...
gentle , painless dentistry . very friendly office staff !
the coffee was just so ordinary , but the almond / choco croissant was super delicious ! ! !
roman was great ! took good care of us . happy campers !
diagnosed the issue with my vacuum immediately and fixed on the spot ! great customer service .
overall a great place . outside could use some work though . we diffently go back .
great comfort food and a million options stuffed in these little buggers .
have been flexible with schedule . feeling really good with the adjustment and massage .
best coffee in arizona - we need more locations the valley !
unfortunately , wanna pizza is outta business :(
setously guys this might be the most authentic fake irish bar in the greater charlotte area .
m order pineapple fr n brasil with crispy pork that good i love it my favorite number 1
best italian restaurant ever ! worth the wait ! ! ! wait isn't that bad prepare for a good meal !
i see old people ! like everywhere . but it is a close trader joes that is nice and clean .
the customer service is spectacular , which is why i continue to come to this store .
enjoyed a guacamole burger and fries for lunch a last week . it was good but not memorable .
der besondere sekt aus esslingen
good pho , thai ice tea with boba buy 2 get one free ... doesn't get any better than this .
busy location , fast service . its mcdonalds . you've been to one you've been to them all .
great place downtown , it's tapas style type restaurant and everything i had here was delicious .
great people watching and good food in oldtown !
hot and sour soup awesome ! spicy tuna roll was also great ! good happy hour
blaze pizza was alot better more choices lot better pizza not bad but ingredients were so so
good crepes , good atmosphere ! heads up , the chai tea is very meh . i probably wouldn't get it again .
food is very good . they have buffet for num dollars for lunch . i really recommend this place !
never ate ramen before but i would eat here again . the buttered corn was awesome .
absolutely delicious ! great atmospherw , friendly staff and multiple options in sauces !
innovative , fun menu . beautiful decor and layout . great service .
great place . went to a party here , met some neighbors , had a bonfire . cool digs !
nice stuff , decent prices . some of the employees can be a bit clingy but anthony is the best !
hidden bbq gem , good amount of smoke taste not too much just right . beef is good quality .
very knowledgeable , friendly and fast . good pricing . will return if we break anything else !
eggplant beef clay was really good
traditional chinese dongbei style cuisine , sushi , service are good , waitresses are pretty :)
awesome food recommend to the fish soup.order the snapper my favorite and that of many patrons .
great place . always very friendly . never had an issue and have been going there for years !
not bad for the area . service is hit or miss , but is always good if the owner is there .
drinks are the worse of all locations and service is slow and bad . i'd go somewhere else next time .
excellent ! first time here and so much better than chipotle / qdoba ! definitely heading back soon
lee's sandwich in az has very limited selection of snacks . the ice coffee is good though .
cool little place , nice beer selection ( i like ciders ) .
went here for a passport photo . quick friendly service , just swell .
i always have g & s come to my house to make my windows look sparkly clean ! very professional !
the new slowest starbucks in town . omg service is brutal . starbucks isn't what it used to be .
l atmosphere agreable la bierre y est bonne et a prix raisonnable
amazing jerk chicken . . perfectly spicy and so tasty , friendly staff , definitely would come back ..
wonderful service , great food , reasonable prices ... you're missing out of you don't try it .
great gyros , but the lamb and rice is to die for . prices are reasonable and the service is great .
really great japanese food . great service . very highly recommend .
quick service . i appreciate the owner being quirky . the food was in big portion which delighted me
keep it rad guys thanks ! ! !
first time at this location . delicious like i remember from my university years , downtown toronto .
really wanted to like this place , but our burger was very dry :( on another note , salad was good !
i always come this place with my husband and his friend ! the beef tongue , short ribs are amazing !
if you're looking for a real basic place to eat but with great food this is your place !
simply put , best place in phoenix metro area for fresh seafood . it is pricey , but worth it .
great place and friendly people . it smells really good coming inside and food is really good
i go out of my way to go to qt for any gas station need ...
nice family owned business . just opened recently . fun pieces to choose from .
very cool cafe . had lots of fun playing games . the meat lover pizza was good aswell :)
great over the years . safe . reliable .
ordered flatiron steak first time charred to a crisp .. sent back came back raw in the center
i dont like the pad thai it doesnt taste good .. just go somewhere else .. it is not worth it ..
kelly was amazing ! ! ! i couldn't be happier with my nails ! ! i will definitely b returning
good authentic food . :) my chinese wife and mother in law ( in from shanghai ) enjoyed it .
greatcompany to work with . i have used their services for num years . highly reccomended
cold food , no refills , dirty dining room . yuk ... never again
omg .. we love this place .. good service , very friendly . for sure we are coming back again .
food was delish . servers were professional . the inside looks better than the outside .
great food & drink specials ! love watching the games here .
great ! best chicken i have ever had , the pizza was delish ! , , ,
best nail salon ! never had a problem with nails or service . can make any design you are looking for
decent food , really polite and nice staff , but order got mixed up a few times on an empty night .
love ordering the papa joe sandwich and brocolli cheddar . always so fresh and consistent !
this place has been closed
pretty unique spot in old town . live country music and dancing . bring your boots and have fun !
if you want a plumber who is honest and dependable ... look no further then mike paar !
my boyfriend and i were expecting more of a haunted house theme . it was not fun .
great family run service with deliciously flavourful food . casual environment .
rare to find restaurants that serve meatloaf . this place does it to perfection - in an abundance !
nikki is friendly . great happy hour , 4 to num daily .
i am very happy with my aerial essential goods . their service and products are excellent
absolutely delicious ! fresh , generous size and mouth watering . i will definitely be back !
great steaks , i had mine cajun and blackened , delicious ! ! !
good food , large portion and great service as always !
good pizza and quick friendly service . nothing spectacular but dependable and consistent .
genaro did my windows and screens for the second year in a row . he is the best .
only $ num for an old fashioned icecream glass full of delicious shrimp ? ! need i really say more ?
good gyros , neat little place , sort of what south side is all about
enjoy the lobster in summer ! easy to find a parking place and yeah , love their bgm .
all i can say is the chorizo burritos on friday are life changing . lucy is a master mind !
excellent fast professional zipper repair on my backpack while i waited . love love love these guys !
great place for vegan friends , i am not vegan . but my friend is and she really enjoyed it .
awesome staff great food . helped us out and made sure we were well taken care of . num out of num .
by far the slowest starbucks . ... num min for a cup of coffee after ordering . .. really ?
cold delivery ! ! very rude customer service . not the cleanest looking place
awesome food and even better drinks ! the drinks were so unusual and worth the extra $ $ $ !
got a hazelnut latte and it was excellent . far better than other coffee chains i've been to .
for the price and reputation , scottsdale location can do a little better , service-wise
damn , that was some good-ass cheese ! happy hour drinks & apps from num .
has great hiking trails . went here last year with my sons church group for a hike .
great place to visit , informative , beautiful , and peaceful .
fresh bread - kinda spendy .
i had a minor issue with formula one . owner stepped in and made thiings right . thanks for caring .
best footwear guy in town . knowledgeable , great prices , decent selection , top notch service
good food . friendly staff . need to pay more attention to take out orders .
very good food . we went with the waitress ' suggestions . the service was num . will come back .
good , really good , lost of noise , better to have a reservation
the salami sandwich was one of the best sandwiches i've ever had . goodness gracious . so good .
welcome to the days of the speak easy ! great atmosphere and great staff ! the bartista is awesome !
i like ! gorgeous furniture , good deals on coffee , hot chocolate , and pastries !
ok traditional mexican . good service . nice place . just didn't love the food . think shredded chicken
the hard tacos are the best ! !
excellent soutwest breakfast bowl . great service . very convenient to downtown hotels .
love le thai great atmosphere and good food ... best place for thai food down town !
been coming here for years . great service friendly staff and owner . i've never had a problem .
love this place , best toast ever . and must try baked egg .
great pizza & strong drinks ! very authentic ny style crust . love the evel knievel collection .
it's true . the parking lot was empty . no customers . well stocked . short lines .
stopped by herre visited the mall had lunch here pretty good burgers nice outside aera
i ordered a burrito . they tried ... but hey , i got a bag .
food is great ! fast and friendly service . get the meatballs and arugula salad . so good !
great pho , boba :) and vermicelli .. awesome !
always a great experience while at canyon falls ! staff is great , products are awesome !
awesome service saved a lot of money same quality parts is the dealer very speedy ask for ali
you must try the roti canai appetizer !
best spanish rice on the east coast !
good , casual ramen restaurant . takes a while for you to get your order . inside can feel crowded .
good to find a true italian deli . actual meat on the sandwich and tasty at that . grazie .
not great but worth revisiting ! the grilled chicken sandwich was awesome !
in and out on the east coast ! ! ! love there food burgers were good the cheese steak was amazing !
too expensive . go to the clears in the wells fargo buiding uptown
this place is amazing .
forget subway or jimmy johns ! give me frank's ! ! fast , great service , oh and delicious ! ! !
loved the food at this place . highly recommended . when in madison you've got to go . period .
cant go wrong with half viet coffee and half hk milk tea . delishhhh !
delicious yum crunchy roll rocked my world ...
great selection , good prices , helpful & knowledgeable staff .
great food ! the mum bowl is huge and reasonably priced . staff was incredibly friendly .
wayne k
efficient service . max leaves everything in the yard in order .
good food , friendly staff and strong margaritas .
pretty good service , however not every hairstylist is skillful
i like this bar , casual , large bar , good service with smiles and the food came out hot and good .
terrible breakfast buffet . cold eggs . no waffles . no muesli . slow , disinterested service .
best tacos i've ever had . hands down . get the pork tacos .
love the mini donuts .
very friendly staff and attentive to my dog's needs , thanks again ! keystone apbt
one of my favorites for salsa and excellent margaritas !
no
great help for my nephew
a gay bar that welcomes all walks of life . cheap drinks and fun , quirky clientele ! will be back !
the service was good . the belgium waffle was great . the bacon tasted " squirelly " and made me sick .
good gelato .
never disappoint us with fresh ingredients and warm hospitality ! thanks again sushi cafe .
same sandwich , different wrapper . subway , quiznos , port of subs , whatever , they are all the same
awsm food great deals need to come see us great service fun people good atmusfear
had the summer spring rolls . if you are going to try some spring rolls here ... those are the ones .
check in took forever , the pool was small , the restaurant food was mediocre and overpriced .
food was excellent and fast lots of great choices service was very friendly and on top of things
cheap and clean equipment and free rim wash is a bonus .
great for the quick coffee right before the return flight home .
every time i am in the area i can't resist , i have to stop and get a slice ! it reminds me of nyc ! !
excellent creme brulee ... num
i am addicted to the spinach and onion pizza . the crust is some sort of croissant-like perfection .
the broasted wings are pretty damn good .
nice concept for lunch . burger was really tasty for $ num including fries .
best mex food ! ! the carne asada is the best
great location and staff , average to below average rooms . i think it was clean ?
pretty basic breakfast food , fast service . food was a bit greasy for my personal liking .
best bang for your buck i walking distance from the mgm grand . really good diner food .
blue burger is back in peoria ! ! ! across from amc cinema in parke west shopping complex
great food and service ! ! ! i am so happy there is a great pho place in the neighborhood ! ! !
amazing service and quality ! ! my lashes look great ! i would highly recommend modlash .
the food and drinks are definitely worth the price . as always outstanding customer service .
heart ! love ! yum ! definitely my favorite buffet in vegas ! ! =d
been here 3 times , and the food and service is amazing ! will always recommended paz to my friends !
best reuben sandwich i have ever had . it is a bit pricey but tasted great .
the best and freshest food i've ever had ! love this place . alex was an awesome server !
nice atmosphere , great service ! sundaes are enormous and can feed a family !
cool - stylisch - und nicht billig ! definitiv mein hotspot in stuttgart !
great bacon-cheddar burger . very good draft beer menu ( i tried kilkenny ) . very attencious staff .
friendly environment . personable customer service . great hookah . relaxing environment .
picked up early morning to go to the airport from a hotel . paid $ num . ordinary taxi service .
opening day and it lived up to the oreganos we know and love . great food , great service .
great pork adobo and friendly service ! the beef sinigang was also very delicious .
great place to get small stuff done . really busy on mondays and fridays .
by far some of the best pizza i've had . the sauce is super rich and flavourful . num
nice atmosphere and good food . very pittsburgh-esque
fancy foods and drinks , whats not to like . the drinks were well made and the waitress was friendly .
got my iphone num screen fixed here . it was all messed up and now it's good as new ! thanks guys .
atmosphere quiet , friendly staff .
we got a great view , great food and pleasant service . what more could i have asked for .
i really like their food . beautiful restrooms . our waitress gloria was great . we will be back !
by far , the most incredible hd dealership i've ever seen .
loved the stuffed flounder . nice atmosphere and friendly staff . we will definitely be back .
our server , jamie , did an excellent job . friendly and knowledgeable . food was good as usual .
huge portions ... can barely finish it . good service . comes with complimentary garlic bread
very good overall , the coleslaw was a little dry maybe that is just the way the do it in lousiana .
the food was great . the bloody marry was amazing . eric was very kind . my new favorite place .
give this place a try after searching the city for acai bowls . amazing , will definitely be back .
so creative . most fun i've ever had . highly recommend to anyone looking for an exciting night .
i had southwest salad . red velvet cheesecake mmmmmmm
pizza a +
unbeatable customer service . no need for total wine and bevmo when you have this place .
only order ribs here ... they are the best . restaurant is respectable and service is great .
i love this place ; this guy introduced me to a new hotdog that has pineapple , soooo bomb ! ! !
the folks here are lovely , and they had just what i needed to finish my trade show booth !
its good i really like their bread and bureks . sometimes the pastries aren't so fresh though ..
great staff , great food ! kaytee kelly was phenomenal ! would absolutely recommend !
jjanga is very good food great sushi beautiful company . you must try if your in the area .
this place is so good ! fast friendly close to my house ! yum !
bring a big appetite but only a bit of money ! great food and drinks at nice low prices .
cheap cigarettes , nice selection . leave your backpack at the door .
amazing . try the guacamole and the butter lettuce shrimp salad . great vibe , even better food
i come 1 to 2 times a week . its the bomb baby
always busy !
worst latte that i have ever had . no foam , all milk . gross .
typical gay strip club , lots of younger twinkish guys . if that is your thing , this is a fun place .
we had nachos that were on the specials list ! awesome ! ! ! nice to sit outside and relax .
its expensive but its holts ! the foods quite good ...
this pet supply shop is great ! small town service with new age knowledge .
order the grilled chicken curry every time and never let me down ! gotta try other items next time .
love it , fast service , delicious food , great variety !
the food was sooo good im a burger girl and this place really is the best in vegas !
i am a big fan of this small place in montreal for their healthy and delicious vegan meal !
super customer service and best in the valley by far . ask for jon .
food is always good , but there were a ton of flies , which made the dining experience poor .
i always have good food at this place . i especially love the spare rib tips .
good service . little grumpy though .
not my favorite texture . was hoping i would love it but i've been twice now and just average .
love kindred ! we go during the week and sit at the bar to share and enjoy small plates
love these noodles ! probably one of the best noodle places in town .
it's new , it's hip , it's hot , it's happenin ' ... lot's of great looking people . just go ! ! !
great chips and bean dip right when you sit down .
friendly servers , food that's farm fresh . great place to go if you're looking to get huge portions
great authentic thai food ! take out was ready in num minutes and the prices are great as well ! !
just had a slice of pizza . it was fine , with a water togo , the water cup had 3 fruit flies in it
awesome ! loved their spicy edamame . and the rest of the sushi was super fresh
excellent ! car looks like it is brand new . they do an excellent job !
i took the spicy ramen mmmm feel so good in a freeze day . crowdy place , good service .
amazing show ! i cannot wait for the next cirque du soleil experience ! !
hearty portions , vegan fake meats galore . asian food that is quite alright .
food is terrific and the outdoor patio is the best seat in the house if you can reserve it :)
this place have a best service . all the employees always smile . good customer service .
the location is great , but the food is just ok . but the place looks nice .
the salon was clean and away from the strip which made for good pricing .
their burek is amazing ! everything there is so fresh & delicious . best european pastries as well .
please bring back curry chicken salad . the deli can't tell me why you don't carry it .
traveling in area & looking for a good breakfast . this one is great ! highly recommended .
excellent care from a compassionate physician . very thorough and dedicated to patient care .
for anything creatively related , you'll find it here . the people are super duper nice too .
bad food and poor service , if it wasn't for the attractive wait staff they'd be out of business
the greatest food in vegas the steaks were amazing , and the cheese cake was delicious.thank u
this is the first time i have espresso at a tim horton and i'm sure this is the last !
great food , great service , great experience overall ! a bit pricier , but worth checking out !
cash only does not work for me . the staff is so unfriendly . looking for a new cleaner .
definitely a surprise that such good food is in fiesta mall . great price and even better food .
best greek salad , best greek pizza , best spinach pizza ! yum-o !
quality , authentic british pub fare with a good craft beer list and a nice bar at the front .
nice cute neighborhood coffee shop ! had an americano and people watched on the patio .
best pozole and menudo we ever had ! had to order some more menudo to-go to take back home .
noah really is an artist :) . i went away for awhile and my hair just wasn't the same .
a lot of sales in that store . my type of clothing , very hip and stylish .
amazing amazing amazing ! what a great hookup this team did for me . num bday off the hook
super cute place ! drinks are strong , food is good & came out very quickly , staff is super friendly
great casual place for street tacos . decor is dated but service was friendly . we will be back .
typical mall with typical stores ( ex . macy's , jcp , ae , etc ) . it was a decent size though .
great service friendly people , love the curds , not a bad place to stop and eat . great location
great service , very neat , polite , fast , professional .
place was clean and the customer service was great ! they made you feel very comfortable .
a show good across all ages and still amazing to the bones .
amazing classes for all levels ! the instructors are friendly , fun , and helpful . love this place !
love this place ! my favorite breakfast / brunch spot . always good food and good service .
fantastic food and service . the drinks are great too . worth the uber ride downtown for lunch .
never , never again ! ! ! food was overcooked and not even fresh ! ! ! horrible service ! ! !
great venue but a bit overpriced , i like it loads
service is always nice .
wanted to give no stars . so rude . that's all . complete jerk at the front . blond me shaggy hair .
love this place ! the salmon is fantastic ! consistently great service , food and atmosphere !
good food , but the tacos have shrunk in size since the first time i came when they first opened .
great views . drinks were strong , but not that tasty . it was loud , no real dance area though .
avx theater is huge
people here are very knowledgeable and helpful . only drawback is parking is a bit weird .
average wings . worst service ever . waited forever . got overcharged . not going back .
wings are good , but service was slow at this location ... been to better wild wings before .
great cocktails and ambience ! good date spot !
holy cow ! it's so high ! an amazing thrill ride but seriously pretty darn scary once you get in it ! !
this place is right downtown montreal . perfect downtown view ! food and service were good !
great service ! ask for dani . she is a great , customer oriented business owner .
nice place to commit suicide by burger munching ! bog standard typical burger joint
excellent authentic food with a great lively atmosphere . will definitely be coming back for more .
recently went to the tempe location and they now serve sides as well . yippee !
amazing atmosphere , the pizza is incredaible ... one of my favorite local resturants in town .
two stars only because it was free and they donate to charity . dirty restaurant and bland food .
the food was very tasty ! we were pleased with this experience .. hope to be back very soon .
delicious food , great service . a little on the pricey side . great for a date night ! !
horrible customer svc . now i shop at neiman . bye saks
not bad for a buffet . about $ num person for lunch . decent variety .
what a gem ! incredibly friendly staff , quick service and delicious food at a great price !
phenomenal food and great price ! ! ! had some of the best meals with my girlfriend here !
very good . ate outside and was a bit poor atmosphere . but food and service were excellent .
great food , great service and free beer ! seriously though , the best breakfast spot in robinson !
came in , sat down ... lovely . no happy hour ... got up and left :)
you should check out if you like to play pc games and do web browsing !
chili mint noodle is great and so is the fried rice . great prices . big portions .
the place was clean ! the staff was friendly ! the process was quick , easy , and affordable !
best roti i've had . the owner is very friendly . i highly recommend it .
luv luv luv ! phat thai is good !
excellent food . excellent margaritas . excellent service . we come here on a weekly basis !
zoltan works really hard to get the perfect view , perfect pose and perfect lighting .
had billing issues . never been told exact fee upfront . felt push to buy inhouse after eye checkup .
absolutely the best place to go in your chest day ! ! ! good farm fresh food . and lots of it ! ! !
don't get the monthly plan . they make it hard to cancel . unused visits don't roll over
good beer , nice darts , easy to talk with a small group of friends , ample street parking .
overall great experience . one of the best restaurants in durham .
they were able to accommodate two people on short notice , and the service was good .
best yellow curry i have tried !
$ num for a cup of tea ? ? ? i know this is vegas , but i didn't realize hot water was a commodity .
really tasty sandwich and a good amount of fries . i had a great time and got food quickly .
bad service , bad experience , i requested a blanket and unbelievably been totally ignored .
very helpful staff . they carry high end juices like 5 pawns which is very hard to find .
good place , nice and quiet with good atmosphere ! good drinks with different flavors and variety .
they take for ever to do the food but the wings are great good place been going there for years
avocado and macha boba tea taste so weird . the worst boba tea in the world i have tried
i don't normally dine out for italian food but when i do it's brio's tuscan grille .
love love love this place great food chill people if you havent been you need to go
great staff ! good customer service :-) relatively quick ... even on a saturday ! great job !
always an awesome place to go with delicious food and beverages !
excellent service , groomers , dog care ... excellent in every way .
gary for the win .
great family owned spot ! super good food with perfect accommodating service . great place ! !
chicken tacos give me the shits but totally worth it
nothing really special about this place , not what all the other reviews would lead you to believe
great chicago pizza , now available in champaign . thin and thick crust are outstanding .
great box , solid coaches , fun members . pricing and schedule are great .
they came to clean the drains , drains are clean , done on-time , and service was great .
poke is ono . this is a great place to get your poke fix . aloha
you got to try the protein pancakes ! ! ! the best pancakes i have ever tried !
fast and careful service ! no judgmental looks when they saw my short nails !
love this place ! ! ! the staff is fantastic and they treat you like family .
ate here many times in the past .. taste is not bad , price is cheap ... but ... #detox
the restaurant that broke my year long veganism . the num oz steak ... was divine . :-)
good food . fair price . but tomato sauce tasted a little weird . owned by chinese .
we witnessed " white rice recycling " in the kitchen by the servers - if you know what i mean . gross .
less than acceptable cheese on the pizzas , good toppings on everything else
the world is a better place .
pretty great sushi place , service was quicker than normal and the food was awesome .
* salads made on shredded lettuce not worth it !
definitely better than my last visit . plenty of rice , good texture , and flavorful chicken . on point
great people . pretty quiet . pet friendly . i've been here for num months and really like it
perfect theater ... no reclining seats , but a great screen , great sound , never been disappointed .
perfect styling and awesome customer service ! alyssa is a very talented stylist .
this place is really great ! i've tried their fried rice , congee and pho and all were amazing !
da best okazuya in vegas . i been waiting num years . worth the wait .
very slow , unfriendly service at the bar area . filthy tables .
creative names and an ever-changing menu . it's good but there's not enough locations yet .
it was sooo wonderful ! ! ! salad / brussels sprouts / pot roast . exceptional ! ! !
mango sensation ! ! this yummy , delicious dessert speaks for itself . a definite must try ! !
waited an hour and a half for some of the worst rolls and steak teriyaki i have ever had .
great place to try different styles of burgers . good sweet potato fries . try the lamb burger .
excellent pour ! outstanding service ! you will not be disappointed .
delicious food , amazing service , great drinks , good vibe .
fun breakfast restaurant , very good food and service .
amazing pizza . best deep-dish i've ever .
best atmosphere , modern , upscale , and energy ! sushi is good . place is a real treat !
great place , clean friendly staff , fantastic massage !
friendly and very helpful staff ! excellent pita wraps ( for a large event ) and fast service .
best customer service in town . always working to help patients . must visit this dispensary ! ! !
great food ! worth stopping by ! the mahi mahi and steak dinner were wonderfully made !
the people who work here are super nice . decent sandwiches but it is a great option in a pinch .
excellent food and great staff . very busy on weekends but worth the wait . waffles are to die for .
great first visit ! enjoyed the food , drinks and dessert ! plan to visit again . gracias !
love these guys ! the early morning crew is friendly and fast . great customer service !
very good but very busy starbucks . parking isn't bad considering the location . enjoy !
i dislike the gym . ot is actually pretty fun and motivating . shapri rocks !
typical airport , moody security and the boarding areas are pretty small
great service , courteous staff and probably cheapest smog in town . highly recommended .
came very quick and was hot
metropolitan is a great auto body repair shop , charles and the crew are friendly and professional
yummy food , big portions , great prices and service . seems always busy but worth the wait .
super cool neighborhood gathering . everyone is super friendly . great quality food and coffee .
awesome stylist she never fails , , cut , color and have used for several events for style love !
they have really good burritos ! i tried the mole burrito and the chile verde . they were tasty .
fabulous food , ambiance , staff ... love this place ...
great cupcakes - pricy tho . desert here is as much as being served in a sit down place
the most tasty and affordable pasta pescadore . luciano your the best ! ! !
great food and gluten free bread was bomb . green juice was perfect . will be back often i'm sure .
this place is great ! i love the mixed greens . i order it at least once a week .
nicht sehr viel charme . das essen kann ich mit 2 sternen auszeichnen .
nice quiet salon . super friendly staff ! amazing job painting my nails . i'm totally happy .
so far terrible service here .. lets see how the food is .. waiters dont care to even bring water ..
i love this peter piper because the pizza is always good and i never wait long after ordering
best philly in town ! ! ! will be coming back for more and friendliest staff ! great prices .
phenomenal place . num fish and 2 chips for only $ num . and tasty as can be ! !
friendly ! fun ! clean ! simply perfect ! a must try ... but addicting . :)
great food . worth the wait so plan in advance . ( waited num min )
nice place , liked the atmosphere . foods decent . fries are way too salty . service is a slow .
they took care of me when i went in looking to try vaping . definitely will be coming back !
would recommend it to friends
disappointing happy hour value . no specials on appetizers & minimal discount on drinks .
home made ! country style on the tip of hochelaga district .
thanks for the sugar rush ! love the saltwater taffy but beware the buttered popcorn taffy !
clean , quick service , good noodles with large dumplings for a good price .
way overpriced . spent over $ num with my family and was expecting a lot more ! very disappointing .
interesting . will be back to try more .
food is okay , beer choices are better . very crowded but the atmosphere and service was great .
sympathique petite boulangerie ! le pain et les viennoiseries sont bons et les prix sont doux .
great place that is locally owned . food and drinks and prices are all good !
i've had better burgers in a college cafeteria . the guacamole was very good though .
dr . tingey was very professional and caring . clean office , nice staff and prompt service .
this is a really cool kinda hidden bar with a surprisingly large restaurant dining area .
we love the friendly moose . the staff is friendly . we like to go and get breakfast here .
my second home :) love the friendly staff and relaxed atmosphere . great drinks , food , and bakery .
love the breakfast . wish they had bangus for breakfast
i like this place . good customer service . very friendly . interior decoration makes it unique .
love this place . right on my corner . prices could be a little cheaper but overall i recommend .
the baked goods are excellent . the cafe looks great and the staff are friendly .
die minibar ist klein und spartanisch eingerichtet . klasse ist , dass man die bar auch mieten kann .
managed not to mess up order like north hills location does num % of time ... thumbs up
this was our go-to place when we wanted a steaming bowl of local style sainin and other foods .
best poke in town ! ! ! they have gluten free soy sauce too ! fresh salmon & perfectly ripe mango !
doesn't get any better ! nicky know thai !
absolutely amazing ! i hope it sticks around . family owned and operated , can't go wrong .
this is my new favorite place to eat and hangout . great authentic mexican food and amazing drinks .
great service , great food ! lemongrass chicken and lemongrass porkbelly banh mi = delicious
expensive and small quantity . rather go to peaktop restaurant in front of vaughan mills .
the filet mignon was really , really good . a great overall meal . staff was good too .
always a great place to eat ... always busy but the food is good and the portions are large
typical hooters , this one just happens to be inside the hooters casino . service was average .
fresh chicken and the dipping sauce is awesome . sounds funny but they have the best ice for drinks
vegan choices . interesting concept with the cupcake atm .
the bomb ! clean , awesome staff , great food !
super nice friendly people ! the shrimp souvlaki is great . athenian fries a must ! ! ! will be back
delicious food ! friendly staff ! great experience all around ! the sesame chicken was amazing ! a + + +
the must go to warehouse for all things warrior or warrior chick like mine . we can't get enough .
it was so so . i actually prefer einstein brothers bagels .
i have been seeing lauren for a few years . love her . she is a fabulous stylist and colorist .
great place , the food is delicious . recommend ordering the deep dish pizza . the staff is great !
great service . my meal arrived super quick . would certainly recommend the all day breakfast !
very slow service and so so food . good looking menu but will not be back .
no one is going here for the food . primary audience is the mid life crisis group ogling the girls .
its has a unique menu and the best location . awesome schnitzel . perfect dining experience
great knowledgeable staff taste bud explosion must do when in phoenix go on weeknight if possible !
nice dive with a great bartender . toya will give you sass but somehow she keeps you wanting more
the chicken fried steak was bomb !
it was a solid breakfast with a yummy spin on french toast . coffee was meh .
one of the best taco spots in phoenix . very affordable as well ! my favorite carnitas tacos .
best bbq i've ever had . the beans are really good . definitely worth stopping by if your in the area
rude & slow customer service , dirty cars , not worth saving a few $ $ $ .
tasted like a mexicanized shawarma .. so , good but not really mexican . i may end up there again .
excellent chicken chimi great chips fresh and tasty good prices good service very quick
highly recommend ! ! mr . goodman is the best and you can trust him to handle your case .
defines madison's a-bar quick eats . unique food that tastes good for a cheap price !
salad was fresh and their shawarma was delish ! loved the fast service and clean atmosphere .
we enjoyed the fresh bread and entrees . main dishes were good but the octopus tasted reheated .
gutes essen . sehr leckeres pils . ich komme gerne wieder .
love cherry lash lounge on eastern . jasmine is an excellent artist . my lashes always look great ! !
so super good ! ! ! ridiculously moist cupcakes , immense amount of flavors and decent pricing .
fantastic coffee and staff . small venue with big flavour . patio is lively and vibrant . a must try .
always friendly and a great cut every time .
great price , great service and most importantly done right . i highly recommend armando .
waited num min for a menu then no one ever came back to ask for drinks or take our order . we left .
this place is a sad excuse for a barber shop ! wouldn't let them trim my dogs anus whiskers .
had a quick take out lunch here . food was good and ready in a matter of minutes . i'll be back .
nice selection of macaron , especially if you are a fan of some of the wilder flavours .
one of the best places to eat on the late night . please try the french toast .
cool pizza parlor / bar . portions are quite large for one slice and food is pretty good .
totally worth the price . better tgan little cesar s and cheaper ! !
pretty good tasting sandwich . the size was a bit smaller than i would have liked .
delicious ice cream , cookies , macarons , waffle cones ... everything . our new favorite ice cream spot
great location , average service and not a very clean restaurant won't be back anytime soon .
thank you dr . rios and steve for helping me and making me feel important . i really appreciate it .
great spot for breakfast , try the ajo burrito . go angels in num
cute enough . it needs more vendors . it has the potential to be a chelsea market in nyc .
great atmosphere , live music and amazing food ! large drink variety ... love this place !
outstanding service via phone and in person and excellent massage .
great fun place ! ! ! the service was wonderful and the older decor brought a smile !
... awesome breakfast grate waitresses missing you all your staff
the lamburger was awesome , the kale salad was too ! the gnocchi was unique and excellent as well !
so totally average at best . service was really bad and have had better mexican food at taco bell
went for brunch and everything was delicious especially the chicken and waffles !
pinnacle at towne center raised rent $ num per month our second year living in the complex .
this place is awesome ! delicious sushi , awesome service , and close to home . cannot beat it ! !
amazing ossobuco , veal milanese and eggplant parmigiana . sinatra's song and vintage view
( angry face )
great date night spot . casual and warm . pizza is solid .
new tapas bar tapa opeded in leith check it out num
wonderful location for brunch , the bloody mary bar is a treat , quick and pleasant service .
friendly service but way over priced for an oil change . could go to the dealership and pay less
very cute place , in a strip mall , oh well , it is phoenix . they papaya salad , awesome !
love these condos ! rooftop pool , modern design , great location .
friendly personnel , good food .
great food ! ! ! love this place ! ! ! i plan on going here often . the miso soup was wonderful !
super slow service . disorganized greeting area . calamari terrible . burger ok . pricey .
snotty tech destroyed my phone and then told me he'd rather get me into a new one .
fresh falafel at a very reasonable price . excited to be in the neighbourhood again to eat this !
good food . very nice place to go with friends . always a long wait . ok service
great cuban panini , adorable spot , going back for pastry to go , they looked incredible .
kirstien did an excellent job . polite and professional .
the food is excellent . i love the chicken pad thai . they never disappoint .
love the old guy at the counter . always happy and funny . foods fresh , fast and cheap .
cozy place , awesome food . can't wait to go back and bring family visiting town next month
the wings are pure heaven . i love this place ! and the chili cheese fries are to die for
best croissant sandwich in vegas . buttery hot with the perfect flaky texture and a delicious egg .
not too bad , over priced of course but hey , late night craving for burrito , why not :)
great experience ! would highly recommend to anybody in las vegas !
try their caramel frap , it's ok , not as strong as starbucks
pat kelly did a great job for us . i will call him first in the future .
always great ! big kahuna ! cold cut sandwiches are always top shelf ! go eat and enjoy !
odd , but neat location . a little hard to find . great food .
needed an emergency repair on a sunday . i thought the service was pretty good .
thx
worst pizza in town . bland tasteless sauce , cheap generic mozzarella , and waaaay over priced .
smog check , in and out in num minutes ... arrived at num on a wednesday . friendly there as well .
freshest sushi in chandler . good service , great food .
the service is slow at times . great happy hour prices and selection .
excellent tortillas and red / green & bean burritos at a reasonable price .
very helpful & knowledgeable staff . the new shoes have made my running a lot easier . thank you !
their pan pizza is very good , nothing special though . i guess i may be spoiled form lou malnati .
adorable spot . great salads and sandwiches . hard to park . cute shop items inside too .
we stopped after the mac baseball tourney . great pizza . good price point . back to the ball park !
an amazing tandoori chicken that i ever tasted in the valley for just num dollars ! ! ! a must try ! !
repeat : no
nothing to say but this place is the best !
it's in my box of breakfast places . tasty enough and i'm not feeling ill afterwards .
most amazing food . wow no words . flavors take you around the world . sea bass was amazzzzing
tonya did an excellent job on my wifes hair . its nice having a happy wife . thank you tonya !
best beer selection in pgh .
best place ever , great prices & service ... full face waxing great too !
went here because we saw it on triple d . great food home - like vibe .
this is where all of the items from other stores go to , when they leave the other stores .
excellent food ! the pulled pork is amazing ! great wait staff , very quick and friendly .
good as always . brings back memories from the younger days for mini chimis happy hour .
this place is the best . love the staff . the food is great . awesome local hang out .
we had a difficulty sent an email and were quickly responded to thank you very much .
good service . good nachos . good burgers . amazing shakes . great environment . great place .
fun bowling alley , cosmic bowling always a blast , very friendly and helpful staff and bartender !
great little pop funko shop . great selections at great prices , will definitely return ! ! !
best thai food i've ever had in my life . i would drive to vegas from san diego just to eat here .
not what i expected all bad if you want good chicken wings go to boston pizza
best thai place ever ! ! the green curry is to die for :)
we liked a lot food was very fresh . service was very good . best turkish in cleveland area for sure
food is good , but the service line is super slow . if it's a busy night , you will wait a while .
that was quite disappointing , the steak was dry , over cooked , no salt , just pepper ...
guess i should have ordered my sandwich with sourdough instead of the cheap stale rye bread .
stopped in for lunch today and the food was excellent highly recommend will be back in the future
awesome church ! great teaching and worship ! the sunday school is great for the kids , great people !
the keg is always reliable and always has great steak . usually seated quickly even in busy days .
awesome ! ! ! check out my minnie nails ! clean place and very accommodating . i highly recommend !
food was okay . service was terrible . typical scottsdale . expected a little more . the cost was good .
right next to campus and a great place to get away when you are tired of the dining commons .
great breakfast , atmosphere and friendly staff . very clean . good for the whole family . 2 thumbs up !
donuts made in front of you , covered in sauces and toppings . what more do you need to know . go now .
great food . but it is not cheap as advertised by yelp with one $ sign . its expensive .
true sports bar with tv screens on all corners and great food choice .
great food and great prices for amore monday 3 course meal . waiter lacked personality .
the food was great , the staff is friendly and they had my favorite sweet black tea from guam .
people there are super nice but the food is amazing ! probably the closest to a real mexican food
very nice little place for lunch . fresh and tasty and a nice iced tea
friendly service . thats all .
mmmm so good and a great happy hour ... i wanna go tonight ! ! i love their margaritas ! !
these guys are awful . spent num ... fired them . public defender did way better .
love the hh cocktails ! you cannot just have one !
love to go here . the drink is huge with good price , not crowded and the service is good
always friendly to this city-slicker redneck . not sure what else i could ask for .
wasn't bad but wasn't great don't have oysters but had some sushi crab legs and frog legs
still great , but prices have increased . main dishes are now over $ num / pax .
went for a late night snack . the food was edible . the guy who worked there was nice .
delicious food every time i come . best buffet vegas has to offer . worth the money . huge selection ! !
wes was very helpful . he answered all of my stupid questions .
ordered eggs benedict and sat out on the balcony - very good . reminds me of sara beth's in ny .
beautiful views . very attentive staff . delicious scallops = perfect romantic celebration spot .
riesenportionen und saulecker !
thanks for fixing our cracked ipad mini screen . it looks great and is working perfectly .
delicious soul food . hospitality extradonaire . a must for all you military and civilian folk .
love the portuguese chicken , fries could be a bit crispier on the edges . good natas for dessert .
awesome tacos ! ! ! very good margaritas ! need more ?
some things are better left unsaid .
good txs price - program moves at a good pace dirt road parking
have to try the seven course beeef
nice place to sit outside in good weather and good friends for cocktails and appetizers .
i've enjoyed their pizzas and the delivery service is great . i'll be ordering from them often .
average motel with better than average ammenities . noisy rude guests , though .
edgewater customer service was unprofessional and they really could care less about you ! !
wow , this place is made for huge groups , not intimate at all ! sure it was clean and well run
greasiest , crappiest hawaiian food around . if you like to eat poo then you should visit l & l .
love this place the chinese chicken salad its best . bomb !
the best pizza and pasta in rdp $ $ $ good price and service
filet mignon was to die for ! mouth watering delicious ! would defiantly go back just for that !
best place in phx . i been going here for num years now ...
great meatball sub . excellent service especially from jake and adam ! will definitely have again !
i love the environment and the people that work there are great . they remembered me after 1 time
great location , love the upgraded apartment . very friendly office staff .
great food and excellent service . we had the club sandwich and irish nachos ... so good !
1 star is way too much for this place . will definitely never come back .
i really like this club gay friendly and ppl are 2 :d dd
wow what an amazing restaurant . the food is just out of this world . had a great time .
excellent food & service ! overlooking the airport airplane traffic is an additional treat .
awesome food . awesome service , bettttttter then burrito express for sure ! give them a try ,
no matter what time of day it is ... the staff is always cheerful and ready to help you ! great team !
friendly people and delicious food , super satisfied ! !
love this place ! they are always friendly and the wings are good ! kool aid is good too !
arts district
the best all you can eat sushi restaurant with style . june the owner is amazing host !
yumm ! this is the best filipino food in vegas ! i will come here everyday to get adobo fried rice !
the ugly : the long wait for your food
swish shabu shabu never disappoints . friendly service with awesome food ! ! ! very good !
what a great little gem in henderson . love the atmosphere and the unique menu ... love this place .
fabulous from top to bottom ! got in late and were upgraded to a fountain view suite !
yum . delicious . awesome . the best . you are living under a rock if you never tried it .
nice stop when out at the lake or out riding the motorcycle
amazing truffle butter ribeye . i highly recommend this place the sides were awesome too .
i need one of these in kentucky ... seriously . different that most ice cream shops . awesome .
this kneaders has the best turkey bacon avocado sandwich . good helpful employees . will be back
excellent little hakka place . food is very delicious ! their chicken pakoras are the best !
had a large group which they accommodated . service was a little slow . food was good .
i love the people that work there the bears are at the high standard i think build a bear is wicked
good things about this casino are bright , tall ceilings and tao !
i got a decent haircut , seems way better than the cost cutters nearby
good guys . in and out in no time and could make an appointment when apple store could not !
save your money
best restaurant in the entire world ! i send everyone i know there . i love cibo ! ! !
whoohoo ! my favorite theaters ! love the camelview and fashion square locations
food is great service is the worst i've ever experienced ... bartenders will literally ignore you .
jasmine was great ! nice and clean nail salon . good quality . will be back to this salon again
continental breakfast is a bonus to any stay
amazing tacos and staff is super friendly . thanks to my friend angie for the recommendation ! ! !
its been over a year since i had chili's . i had a taste for some ribs and it really hit the spot .
the food was horrible . customer service was meh
great service . good people . great food and good beer . defininate must stop .
erica is great the service could improve but over not bad however the margaritas are bomb
fast service ... was at the location in num minutes and had my car unlocked in just a few minutes !
delicious ! ! the tuna tacos were yum and had a great kick to them . loved the whole meal .
i felt full in a healthy way :) great management . clean . comfortable . we had a nice time ! !
the best place in town for breakfast , just no bloody marys .
theyhave a huge variety of rust-oleum paints .. so many colors to pick from !
a ton of candy ... nicely displayed . a little pricey but it's a specialty store in an internet age .
wish they had a bigger space and more variety . but the service is nice .
nice place to take your dog . people are pretty decent too :)
stopped by during a business trip to the area ... delicious food , huge servings and quick service ! !
their chilli fries are to die for , the vibe is really laid back and lighting is delightfully dim .
really good burgers . you can make it any way you want . definitely recommend this place .
love the food and people . the new guy paul is great with people and helping people out .
much better than the tempe marketplace location .
jon at the front desk is super friendly and accommodative . these guys do a great job !
they are forgiven for not have ice cream .. fries good , onion chedder burger i like
lady had the worst attitude and made a fucked up ass sandwich num tuesday num / num rediculouse
great place , good inventory . chrystal was very knowlegable and patient .
wonderful staff and dr . meek is a great vision specialist .
good location . good service . they had my clothes ready on time--just as they promised .
super dope locus come spend you money here you wont be disappointed
i'm not a fan of kimchi , but the kimchi here was very delicious ! good food , good service .
this place is closed . yelp needs to update this . just wasted my time trying to find this location .
great coffee , sandwiches , and pastries . chocolate almond croissant would be my go to pastry .
did a great job repairing window screens . fast and at a fair price
the food is reasonablly priced and always comes out hot . we've never had a bad meal .
carvin jones band plays here . does anything else really need to be said ! ? !
there's a reason my acronym for this place is " food shitty " lol
love to shop here . very inexpensive useful goods . a great way to save money
shrimp and grits , delicious ! bob got seared scallop ; he said awesome . also , coconut cake . yum
great neighborhood sports bar - - gets busy and very restricted on parking
excellent customer service and the food was yummy , fast and fresh .
i just want to say how clean and fresh the pizzeria looked and yes the pizza is great ! !
super friendly staff ! i had the salmon classic and it was great ! fresh , crunchy , and flavorful :)
i drive the extra miles to this location . always great service , food delicious and place clean .
on time , no hidden costs , and pride in doing a good job . found my new carpet cleaner , thanks guy !
the food is amazing ! the service could be better . overall , it's worth it ! get the gladiator roll !
the food was well over portioned for the price point . authentic for sure ! ! ! great food and service .
carnitas burrito with cilantro , rice , black beans waa great ! ! !
food is tasty . heaven to the taste buds ! they also have friendly and customer driven service ! ! !
great carne asada , crazy fly problem .
worst food ever ! ! ! look at my order on the pic ! kebab is burned :( ( ( i'm still hungry
i took an amazing greens and it tastes amazing . it's probably a healthy start of my college life
one of the best mx food restaurants i have been to ! i am a regular .
love the food truck and the brick & mortar !
they are friendly here . food is always fresh and hot . the raising cane sauce ticks ! !
this store sells yesterday's sushi ! ! ! bad quality , if you want to eat garbage go here .
service was bad and food mediocre ; wife and i had our meal ten minutes before our sons
good coffee at excellent prices . steve is nice , ask him about the economy when you stop by .
clean , well-lit , easy to follow foot traffic patterns and courteous staff .
great hotdog , nice service , must try !
the best pizza in town ! thin crust all the way and they put the toppings under the cheese !
good service , good food , good atmosphere . slightly too dark inside ... hahaha no big deal though .
zu viel los und haltung der tiere teilweise zweifelhaft .
they did a nice job although it took longer than i would like .
been coming here for years ! ! wonderful friendly place ... ahmad and philip are the best :)
best carwash place in vegas . spent 1 hour perfecting my car for only $ num ... so i tipped em $ num :-) )
wonderful friendly staff . a hidden gem in historic downtown glendale
there was grease everywhere , i like greasy burgers but not a greasy pot !
never dissatisfied when i have breakfast here . always go for the muffin instead of toast .
4 stars for ki's pork belly appetizer .
don't go here . they are rude and inconsiderate . not with your time . go somewhere fun in vegas .
i missed the birth of my child because allegiant web / app services failed .
i tried the oyster shooter & their fried calamari ... wow , sooo good ! ! !
dirty store with questionable clientele . but there are still some rare find when treasure hunting .
over-priced chinese foods . service not up to par for an upscale restaurant .
we ordered take out and had the baked ziti pizza and it was amazing ! ! ... actually dangerous . lol
pretty awesome place the green apple with fresh mango topping is my favorite !
i want be going back . doughnuts good , customer service bad and it was three in the afternoon .
delicious isle of the greek sandwich and potato salad . very nice place to sit and eat .
great service ! allen smith and dennis robinson were awesome .
this gamestop has the best customer service in the city . they give the children special attention .
skilled , personable , excellent work , terrific prices . the best i've found in arizona .
breakfast time is always busy but worth the wait ! awesome food and crazy big deserts
decent food nice little place . clean and quick which was nice . tacos are best bet for the money .
great place for a cigar to relax at and watch foot-ta-ball
one of the best korean restaurants in the area . i love their number num ( bibimbab ) and num ( bulgogi ) !
martha miranda pesqueira .
great mozzarella , tomatoe , basil pizza ! their french onion soup was in point !
sushi is awesome and prices are good . recommend if you're on a budget and want to enjoy good food
great pizza and some super beers . nice atmosphere and seems quite busy . a definite must try
great prices . pad thai so-so pineapple fried rice amazing
standard mexican fair . service was bland with no smiles . felt like a transaction the whole time .
knowledgeable staff helped me create a killer theater
a little expensive but well worth the drive coming here . keep up the good work .
phoenix is a one of a kind city , that is beautiful , fashionable , big , and luxurious . :-)
halloumi bruschetta . halloumi bruschetta . oh my god , eat the halloumi bruschetta .
not a fan . filabertos is definately a whole lot better and has better prices .
excellent customer service ! courteous and friendly staff . great experience every time ! !
great value for money ! wonderful and friendly staff . my second visit , will come again !
very good coffee and atmosphere . the staff is great also . stop by if you get a chance .
awesome customer service with awesome company ! always a great place to hungry friends from hawaii .
first time trying pho and it is delicious . good food , great service and very clean restaurants .
best coffee in the valley . new location , great service that i have come to expect .
der food was ok but der meat was kind of hard to chew i would not go bavk ...
honest , reasonable , quick , did the job . i called 4 to 5 others and so glad i chose the beeman
love this place . great food and unique character . a must if you live in charlotte .
paul was amazingly thorough on his home inspection . i highly recommend .
i highly recommend these guys . they replaced my iphone 5 battery . work was quick and fairly priced .
there's usually a line , but they have the best gas prices in the west valley !
tammy is great and is very informative . she definitely knows her skin care !
the rice was awful and plain . the mongolian beef was mostly onions . very little meat .
i haven't tried their coffee , but their bagels are great .
great quality beef definitely makes a difference .
lousy slow service and my chicken tacos was dry and disgusting ! ! ! avoid this place at all costs
strongly recommend the ocean trout . what fun to have the pop rocks blend with the taste .
food was really good . chef doug came to our table to ask about our meal . really nice experience !
they were pleasant and friendly and they did a great job .
they are very high there called affordable braces and they are not affordable
this a new place in hendeson love the food , would be my new place i love the chicken gyro .
typical red robin , so not much to say . the rib tips are crappy , but the beer was nice and cold .
this place is amazing . it's freshness and variety of toppings puts chipotle to shame .
great healthy food . smoothies are amazing and breakfast sandwich was fresh and refreshing !
you're a bar and you are open until 2 for christ sake . stop trying to kick us out at num .
yum ! service consistent . everything was so fresh and cleanly plated . very happy with my meal .
no need to make an appointment for an oil change and they worked on it right away . good service ! ' n
a fantastic hipster men's clothing store . stylish and tasteful clothing without bankrupting you .
i love dakota , but i wish they would update their music selection .
carne asada tacos . rice & beans . side of guacamole . guava juice . best lunch ever .
service sucked , water tasted like sour tap water , and it took forever to get only 4 egg rolls .
what a wonderful place to eat and have a good time . great service and great food . go yellowtail ! ! !
very good and run by great people from israel . you won't be disappointed !
if i could give zero stars , i would , wish i had read reviews before i dropped my things off here .
kind of random but i think the people i was with made it fun ! !
lovely unique gifts , gracious staff , excellent retail therapy alone or with a friend .
great chicken burritos and love that roasted ( black-looking ) salsa !
great and quick service . i appreciate the free hand towel dry to avoid dry water stains .
good chicken . not oily . halal . the bearded gentleman who served was very nice too .
super nice manager and wait staff
way better options in the area .
best buffet i've ever been to . still dreaming of the pork belly
as great as any papa john's ! thanks for sponsoring our teacher appreciation week .
good wings , but overpriced . i still consider them overpriced on wing tuesday .
diner food at its best ! welcome to henderson - we love you ! have not had a bad meal yet .
veggie tom ka is on point ... try the curry noodles . you're welcome .
so good ! wait is always a little longer than we would like but the food is delicious !
have visited smash on two occasions . both times the food and service was good !
food is always great and the service is friendly . great wine selection . just a little pricey .
very friendly and helpful staff . amber and timothy helped us out ! great prices and wasn't busy at .
careful where you eat , a lot of their stuff is expired but frozen so it appears odorless
went here looking for a dog to adopt . could not find anything that suited what i was looking for .
this place is great the coffee the staff and owners . if you like real coffee this is the place .
best nail salon ever in vegas ! ! i've been going here for 3 years and the service is amazing ! ! !
crepes are pre-made and reheated when you purchase . they are also quite expensive .
great experience here ; highly recommend this endodontist and his excellent staff .
the food was ok . the service was great and the bar atmosphere and tv's helped .
waitress was very nice . quick service and good food . chili fries were great . all around pretty good
awful awful experience ! bad service ! bad food ! bad attitude from the waitress . run from this place !
booooo bed bugs everywhere . do not live here . staff here lies and not helpful .
food was delicious , service was great . definitely coming back next time i'm in vegas .
great good with great service . i can drive there on my lunch break and be in and out in num minutes .
delicious cod ! the prices are so affordable . i love this place . i recommend it .
i always try to stop by whenever i'm visiting vegas , fresh delicious sushi , love the ayce
good place for lunch and dinner .
huge selection of supplies and a great staff ! i was very impressed .
great eastern chain spreading west .
super cute fun place to spend the afternoon with a friend .
the service was fine but i went there when it was pretty slow . great food and menu ! i'll be back !
love this place ! we are so happy there is one in rock hill now too !
i tried the ribs , tri-tip , fries , potatoes salad , and the ghost pepper hot sauce topped it off ! ! !
get the # num . best banh mi in charlotte .
dangerous place . overcrowded and employees don't care about safety .
the raita and chutney , even though small are made very tastefully .
banh mi burger was great . service was very polite and had a chill vibe . will definitely come back .
cheap drinks , nice people , a little dated but everyone seemed to be having a great time .
love the fried fish and lobster ! ! ! the soups are okay ! they're seafood dish are better ! !
when visiting montreal check out what is playing here . a divine building inside and out !
cute little place with good sandwiches ! had the num for num deal and it was definitely worth it !
really like the food and the " healthy " cocktails . like a flower child but with alcohol .
refreshing anytime dessert . tons of flavors including two for your animals . very friendly people .
fun place ! ! ! great ambiance ... great people ... great food ... fabulous drinks ...
i love this place . aiden is great & does beautiful nails . i come here all the way from summerlin .
in vegas you have to try the food . very delicious and fresh meat . kebabs are the best .
great service , professional delivery men , very efficient and helpful ! ! !
i was just there , the pizza was delicious ! ! ! also the service was good and homey :) ..
my opera wasn't rich and sweet at all . i just wasted num .
don't waste your time . if you're going to spend , spend your money on something worth eating ! ! !
great food & great drinks ! i had the shrimp pasta with vodka sauce and it was delicious !
jalapeno cream cheese , nuff said . put that on any burrito and you will leave happier than you came
all kinds of animals but the service was terrible
great place for brunch with the old town scottsdale vibe .
best donuts in town , the only problem is they run out early ! !
these subs are the best around . definitely try the meatball !
very clean place with fast served dishes ! their food is extremely yummy ! !
great coffee and bagels . the eggplant parmesan is phenomenal !
great salon ! super friendly staff that made it a great experience for a mother-daughter mani-pedi .
i legit had mold on my food sooooo if you like mold then this may be just the place for you
best coffee shop to hang out at in the east valley . enjoy the live music .
friendly and quick . what else is there to this franchise ? everything was clean and food was good .
first time here ... we had an incredible experience ... great food ! ! ! service was good ...
this is my favorite toe place . i drive from northwest mesa to come here . lisa is great
the staff is very family friendly . a place were you truly feel welcomed .
lame . terrible cocktails , poor service and a no energy , tired environment .
another fantastic omakase experience with my boyfriend . high quality fish and very friendly staff .
food was amazon , service great too . a little pricy but worth it for a nice date night
my # 1 place to go ! service is great , very friendly . pat and huma are fantastic ! :)
i came to this place every saturday for carne asada fries after work , i really love this place
good pho , great coconut milkshakes - actually the best coconut milkshake ive ever had .
well worth the visit . food is exceptional . sandwiches to tapas , everything is rich in flavor .
m .
biiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiig portions , good food , best to share a plate . delicious but heavy duty
wanted a new hair cut after just moving here and didnt know where to go selena did a great job !
i did most of the leg work for them . and they screwed me on the charges ...
very friendly , warm and cozy ... fabulous food .
the flavor of the icing was top off the charts . but the cake was dry . ive had better at walmart .
my boyfriend and i's favorite burger place . it is super tasty , num recommend the smash fries
clean and comfortable and stylish . and when i forgot my ipad ... they made sure i got it back !
like any other buffet . lots of variety to choose from , but food quality was not five stars worthy !
fantastic breakfast , great service ( thank you , lisa ) . i had the strawberry cream french toast .
love s & w steaks . awesome . and the service is excellent as well .
poutines at their best !
yummy time in your tummy ! been a regular here for a couple of years ... enough said :)
awesome place to eat ! our waitress was the best ! i love the soul in this soul food restaurant !
crab cake sandwich today was great . always pleased with the diner and the owners really care .
i love the cheesy fries and their wings are the bomb . and the peolpe are friendly and cool .
the egg roles were actually spring rolls and the noodles i ordered were just lacking in flavor ...
this place is always very helpful with computer repairs . very knowledgeable and courteous .
always very friendly , service and food is amazing . i love the takuyaki here ! love it here
conveyor style prep way too slow for a quick week day lunch ! seems still very unorganized .
the chicken sandwich and the love child are incredible . atmosphere is a num out of num ! !
i'm returning to an old favorite with no regrets ! big portions , good prices , and great food !
never had a stuffed crepe before , utterly amazing . i would recommend this place , fast service .
i got my locks changed the same day . good job !
very nice work ! the shop is run well . thanks julie for the nice gel nails :) i'll be back !
very good rolls , kids love the bento boxes . we go all the time . recommend .
love this place perfect for a snack and wine kinda place with tasty tapas and great wine selection .
great food ! not great ambience .. but we had carnitas and burrito , both were top shelf !
rolls are pretty good . the size is enough big for my stomach . i will order again .
hands down best breakfast food ever , not to mention true fresh squeezed orange juice ! ! !
been going to dp for over num years . great coffee and donuts . local place with no fluff .
did a great job . having aaron braido do the work , is the key ! ! !
asiago panini sandwiches are awesome ! ! ! hot and soft bread and warm melt in your mouth cheese ! ! !
chodang is so good ! kimchi tofu soup and spicy pork are amazing ! ! !
service is very slow ... sitting here waiting on my food ... the food better be good .
best cuban food i have had in a long time . great service awsome experience . will be back for sure .
always a good choice . great atmosphere & fish fry ! strong drinks !
used to be a fun bar , not anymore . the food is ok . i won't be back anytime soon !
had the breakfast bagel . very fresh and tasty .
the nitro cold brew and soyrizo bagel sandwich i ordered were excellent . friendly staff too .
love this place . thanks mikey and amanda for your great insight and guidance on nutrition .
very nice , no pressure , will let you know what is wrong and show you . i will be a return customer .
true caribbean food !
one of the best places around for sports . it reminds me of a good ol midwest sports bar .
very expensive , better chocolates can be found . not very friendly and not easy to work with .
yuck . found a foreign object in my fountain soda . strange flavors in the food . very spendy .
it's cold in here ! and colder in the bathroom !
great food . had the tamales . great drinks and environment too . but really slow service
this place is huge . you can get wore out just from walking all the stores . i think is 3 stories .
delicious food , stellar price , speedy delivery , and the woman who answers the phones is perfect .
yummy poke , amazing lemonade , lots of toppings , super friendly helpful staff . i'll be a regular .
came here for korean bbq . fast service , good food , will come back next time i'm in vegas !
wash and blow dry . elisa did great .
the beer is great and food is delicious . plus , modest is an amazing server and will make you smile
by far the best bbq sandwich anywhere around ! and , i love the buns they use , delicious .
first time and food was good . ribs fell off te bone and loved the baked beans .
c'est l'endroit ou aller
i love bebe . specifically karifa @ delamo . such a good shopper . its a shame bebe us closing in may .
beautiful store and friendly associates . a bit pricey , but defenitly worth the money !
as good as it gets . friendly staff , amazing food and always consistent .
good , solid panera . nothing extraordinary , but you know what you're getting .
worst service i've ever had :( i suggest not to go here they can even draw a ying yang as a design
awesome little " hipster meets dive " bar . feels like lower manhattan without the line .
great customer service . love the people and the food is bomb . busy so get there early .
master yoon and everyone there awesome my son loves going taekwondo there . we appreciate them .
yummy , great yogurt and toppings . convenient location .
maybe the best italian food i have ever eaten and the owners make the experience top notch !
over hyped . the building is hard to navigate and cinema 5 seats are the worst in the city .
yea . i could write a review on this place . excellent food good spice . they should raise their price
service was great . very helpfull for ordering . meatballs were great as was the pizza .
pretty good bbt place for the area
great food ! ! get the egg rolls , they are crispy and yummy ! !
let me write in one word - bad experience , large bills go anywhere except car-x
the service was good , the food , not so much . went because we had a groupon , won't be back .
the tacos were wonderful . great spicy salsa . a nice find a little off the beaten path .
order the gfy burger . you can thank me later . this place is off the charts awesome .
very good bbq brisket and beans here . nice place . good atmosphere for visiting with friends .
food is mediocre but pricey . one good thing is the service is friendly .
small room but recently remodeled . quiet location , free parking , 5 minute walk to the strip .
typical dim sum and not too busy on a weekend morning . great prices .
great old school kind of food . something for eveyone . love this place . definitely check it out !
great place to get a brew and a burger the seating wasn't the best but the atmosphere was good .
lower east sider is so simple , fresh , and delicious . their cup of joes are great as well
chicken nachos with corn salsa ... i crave it regularly . it is good and fresh .
the best chinese food in quality and price and service ! ! ! num x a month we eat there after church ..
not my macado's i remember in boone , nc . place was empty and food took awhile to come out .
went there again and had the kobe on the hot rocks and this num sake ... yep , that's the way to go !
dr . rehl is wonderful , surgery was easy , the whole experience was positive .
awesome pizza and delivers to the concourse . nice clean place to go to as well
i love this place ! they always have the best country food and the service is always good .
num months later . earned all their stars back . my go to nail place for a very long time !
great ramen ! highly recommend jinya rb for all those ramen lovers .
do not waste your night and money !
singing was okay , the food was good , especially the ravioli , and the prices seemed fine .
hands down , its the best yogurt . always clean and always offering samples . love the topping bar ! !
great food at great prices . owner is friendly and the environment is clean and quiet .
try the num climbing structure $ num
great buffet selection here . one of the better indian food in desert .
cute little restaurant . great menu ! the service is speedy . can't wait to try the ramen !
simply amzing from staff , service & food was ridiculously delicious ! ! ! prices are amazing ! !
i have had better buffet for less money . crab legs are tasteless . not worth the long wait .
we love the large windows .
order the grits ! they are really creamy . didn't like the eggs thou .
love the food . eat here a few times a week and jackson always gives amazing service ! ! !
i went to see a play at center stage west on campus and it was awesome !
quick place for an inexpensive , not high quality , meal . good for kids , great milkshakes .
awesome food . simple ingredients and very healthy . the ladies in the kitchen are very sweet .
if i could give a negative star i would , terrible wait time . very very slow workers .
the funky q chicken pizza , and the red skin potatoe pie are so good ! so are the pretzels !
great food and the staff is a lot of fun to be around ! ! noticed a ton of pick up orders .
this place is amazing . really nice vibe and the pizza reminds me of new york . love it !
great location , which is seldom crazy packed liked the others . staff is wonderful as well .
, and nice ambience .. perfect for date night
all you can eat taco's & endless margaritas sun - thurs . $ num
love coming here to get my hair cut . friendly staff ; affordable prices . they know my whole family .
excellent pizza and friendly service . one of the better pizza joints in the cle area
repeat : nope .
the opening act was a num % better than nick cannon ... drinks and food were good ...
great ice cream ! a bit on the pricey side but worth it !
great airport parking . drivers are friendly and helpful .
dereck is efficient / stylish / quick / good conversation / laid back / well done / / /
my dog trainer referred me here , took my son to get hair cut hair and they did an excellent job !
the baristas here make magic happen ! wonderful drinks with very little wait , even with a line .
3 ceiling fans and can lighting . excellent customer service !
great place but , and location . but they need to work in updating their furniture for refurnish it .
agreed ! poached eggs are perfect , orange juice freshly squeezed . yum !
food was great ... you must try the cornbread .
i really loved this place , dolly was amazing with threading . so upset this place closed down .
tasty ; affordable ( which is rare for vegas ); cool decor ; and excellent customer service .
this is another great place for breakfast , lunch , and dinner . the parking is quite difficult .
this isn't the same as tony's amazing spot in sf ! the pizza was so oily and soggy ... bummer .
always a great experience . fast service , friendly and knowledgeable staff . clean facility .
excellent location and friendly staff . very relaxing and warm . eric gave a terrific massage .
our go to place for dim sum every time we crave for it in vegas . always good and fresh .
this place is amazing . great prices , fast service ( even when it's packed ) never disappointed .
clean . friendly . great customer service . fast .
useless shitbag place only sells 2 pizzas . how about people who only want one pizza . don't bother .
... half star
good but chile was not hot enough ambiance ok . service great i will come back to heck out the chile
melissa was on time , cleaned while signing , energetic and thorough !
excellent food ! had devil eggs , fried blt , catch of the day and fried chicken muffin . all amazing !
i got a burger and poutine . i did not like the burger , and they were both too salty .
had a business lunch here . food was awesome . service was a little slow . i'd definitely go again .
it's nice . great club sandwich and good service from pretty hot chicks .
omg ! ! ! best burgers and the best onion rings i've ever had . an absolute must do when in vegas !
this branch is friendly , fast and seem to have a lot of regulars ! really great banking experience .
friendly staff , delish coffee and close to home . just what we needed in the neighborhood .
fine burgers and good company is a must on the strip las vegas
the show is very funny i really like it but i rate 4 out of 5 because the drinks were water down .
best sportsbook ever ! ! ! enough said .
unbelievably good . worth the trip .
great place , great teachers . really flexible schedule .
good vibe and friendly staff but too pricey for a simple coloring and cut job
i really enjoy the freshness the food and the desserts are the best ...
quick and easy ! bill was super nice , friendly , funny guy . definitely recommend this place !
horrible food ! horrible service ! i would die starving before i would eat there again ...
i thought it was just ok . there are many good places for fish tacos better than this .
local bar . not great not bad . food was pretty good and fast service . nothing outstanding .
not so good . pricey for what i got . salad bar was a bonus , not sure if it justified .
superb , great atmosphere and ideal for sharing ! a gourmet take on tacos !
cool patio , unfortunately rained while we were there , good food
happy staff and a really good dirty chai ! couldn't remember the fancy french name for it .
great food , and very healthy . i eat here 2 days a week .
gourmet burger at a reasonable price . wide selection of toppings . i'll be back for more .
taco bell has gotten very sloppy . it's turned to be very overrated and is no longer quality food .
excellent food and service . prices commensurate with a nice night out at a nice eatery .
great crust , sauce is pretty sweet , cheese is not the greatest . overall just an ok pizza .
great chicken . great value . not as oily as popeye's .
as buffets are concerned , not one of the better ones i've been to . not bad but nothing special .
awesome people , upbeat environment , accuracy guaranteed ! highly recommended ! ! !
best interest rates ! great service ! easy to work with :)
the best anywhere ! this place has atmosphere , great people , yummy coffee and tasty goods .
muy rico ! i got the enchilada burrito with shredded beef and loved it . so much flavor .
great tattoo spot , sick mike did a awesome job . i'll definitely be going back .
great bagels and the food is cooked to order .
mmmmmmm . make your own burritos , tacos , bowls , etc . cilantro-lime rice and the steak are great !
pretty gross . works if you are in a pinch but you can do better . good chips and salsa though .
good food , fairly reasonable price and great service . i loved this place very nice !
usually isn't to bad but tonight the burgers and fries were horrible . so disappointed in it ! !
horrible . absolutely horrible service . nice place but subpar food and horrendous service .
i love garcia's for their nachos and margaritas . unfortunately , the service was poor .
num minutes wait to see a doctor . they have no respect for us . will never come back .
great food and wonderful atmosphere , i suggest you order the chicken , rib tips and brisket . yummy !
simply 5 star chinese yunnan rice noodle place . reasonable price with amazing taste .
total shopping hell . no clerks , no stock , no room to maneuver carts , but great prices .
great food & plenty of it . our waitress jade was awesome ! ! ! ask for her section .
amazing place for lunch , dinner or drinks . great to be cleveland . espn will be here tomorrow .
the store is huge & has a great selection . the biggest problem is that most of it's made in china .
happy hour : lotus on fire roll sesame chicken mozzarella yes .
for those of you who value a large beer selection and stuffed birds in your bars . food is pricey .
a lot of activities and fun place for families .
ballin ass restaurant . shout out to fraaankieeeee points for da sweet sounds spinning at night
must try the red velvet cupcakes-one of my fave !
this is the best . place and great customer service
quick and easy pant hemming . took 1 day , no nonsense .
good haircut . much better than alder st , where i got an ok haircut .
amazing experience . great food , and very friendly people . certainly a wonderful surprise !
i wish they were open for lunch more often . create your own taco . brilliant .
expensive for a small , barebones place . waitress gruff ; no charm here .
tuesday nights all you can eat wings and $ num big yuengling beers ! how great is that ? !
terrible . over priced and not that good . i've tried it a couple times . i won't be back .
i love richardson's . incredible food , great service . one of the best places to eat in phoenix
the salsa bar will invade your dreams . if i could i would bathe in their cilantro salsa .
food was delicious ! prices were very good . portion sizes were large enough for two people .
good thai food look just like the pictures in the menu . smart decorations , price is fair .
cons : gets busy sometimes
the whiz ! ! ! lol the best late nite munchie food on the westside ! love it !
jesse is always a pleasure to see great drink wonderful attitude . always a joy to go there .
great job on the oil change ! ! ! thanks darren my sweetie for footing the bill . smooch !
best donuts i've ever had hands down . i drive num miles just for them . the owners are very nice too .
best pizza delivery with fresh ingredients ! have it delivered as restaurant is very basic .
great sns manicure . lyly is very sweet . she did wonderful job ! the place was very pretty .
the chicken wings r whats up . the staff great . the couches are nice to spread out n chillaxx on
dirty , elevator seems like its going to break . crappy service . but heck u get what u pay for !
gotta have my sweet pork salad ! so yummy !
very helpful when asking questions . very friendly my brother been going there for years
the duck bao and pork bao is pretttttty good yum yum try sum
this was gross and way over priced ! i have a feeling i'll be paying for eating this tomorrow !
so good it blew us away ! highly recommend ! wonderful atmosphere ! awesome staff !
solid brunch for num , quick service and good food .
the liver and onion is very good and the fried chicken bangs ! !
i loved the food . it's everything you'd imagine a good old school italian spot to be .
my favourite go-to pub in the city . great , warm ambiance , fantastic service and superb pub grub .
big theatre , stadium type seating . service is good . pretty " run of the mill " .
it was late and we were hungry . i've had better thai cuisine , although the prices were reasonable .
fancy decor with fast food quality chinese food sums it up !
pretty standard chinese food , no real complaints .
always good price on fruit and their clearance pastrys are awesome . glad to live so close .
food was mediocre . i have had much better at other places
very small place with about num tables.pretty good pho and bun bo hue . service is just ok .
grew up in queens haven't had a pizza like this in years . old school style pizza meet las vegas .
good stuff , white chicken and sliced tomatoes was great .
the pedi was great !
this was just o . k . no french fries ? it's a bar ! ! ! seems like they are going for a organic food bar ?
highly recommended ! ! ! food is amazing ! ! ! friendliest wait staff ever ! ! i will def be back :)
the bloody marg is really good . pricey , but thats par for the course at scottsdale quarter .
try with amsterdam beer .
love this place . i have yet to be disappointed with anything i've tried . try the mesquite fries .
yum , had some great tacos here . their meats & choices are fantastic ! definitely will go back !
great stop waiting for a concert to start . friendly staff , good drinks !
great service most trusted mechanic in vegas . never had a problem with dennis and his staff .
over priced and small portions , but the food is good .
my favorite mexican place in scottsdale . never disliked my food or had poor service .
authentic vietnamese food . delicious pho , tofu stir fry , summer rolls and vietnamese ice coffee .
best indian restaurant in charlotte . lunch buffet is very good and cheap ...
awesome place for desert ... the only place for desert in town . good ... bad ... you be the judge .
another wonderful experience ! ! ! i'm just like wow wow and i'm coming back ! ! ! thanks guys ! ! !
great food with fun atmosphere . black bean and spinach with egg . bloody ' dare awesome .
went for lunch , food was great , service not so much .
one of the best shops on the west side . go check out my boy nodari you won't be disappointed !
great custard ! definitely will go again !
very good as always . i've never been disappointed at macayo's . food is always consistent
bad service , long waiting , can't recommend the location
noodles tasted really bad , the general tao wasn't that good . the waitress wasn't warm .
my first time using hayes . my servicemen , frank arrived on time , diagnosed the problem quickly .
in town for work and this was the perfect way to enjoy the beautiful az sunset and some fresh air !
a nice get away in a little urban area .. check out the burial mound and enjoy the water fowl .
the food at this place is not worth your money . they have small portions and the flavor is gross .
great selection of flavours , good portions , good service , nice sitting area , always great value
good place to have some drinks and watch sporting events but would not recommend the food .
good food , great service . better than average bloody mary's .
this place is amazing . i have gotten others addicted . if your on the fence ... you better run here .
amazingly good smoked meat sandwiches and only $ num . i try to visit every-time i'm in the city .
i am not a big fan of foie gras .. but they cooked it perfectly here .
killer taco selection & happy hour . you can't go wrong with cheap tacos & beer .
great jack johnson banana pancakes ! ! !
clean friendly staff . the prices are very reasonable for the value . definitely would recommend
fantastic treats , fantastic service and fantastic grooming ! ! love this place ! ! ! :)
great lunch . big menu , ordered the salmon on romaine salad . look forward to coming back at night .
friendly service & great food , free soup .
been going here for years . best barbers in arizona . would recommend this shop to anyone .
great place ... best pizza on the west side , kurt is the best ! ! ! cold peroni on tap ! ! !
awesome . do yourself a favor and sit at the bar . great time !
this place was nice . maybe a little pricey but we all had a good time . i recommend it .
no clothes here yet , no need to go in ! just home and furniture , waste of what it could be !
great food ! so gald they have a location in mesa !
convenient . very nice staff . i'll miss rebecca especially when the military relocates us :)
wasn't that bad , definitely nothing to eat . all the workers are idiots but that's life .
very good . num time here and defiantly will be back ! alot of flavor ordered 4 different rolls .
place is neat and clean . erica was awesome and very attentive and her name tag is pretty cool too .
awesome eastern carolina bbq . love the sauce and brunswick stew !
brought in the new year here ... awesome saki , great staff and good food ...
i give 5 stars for the lobster roll .
good response time , professional and highly-recommendable ! i'd give num stars if i could !
yummy yummy in my tummy . specially with the super spicy sauce . really nice food and great service .
great food , wish their portions were a bit bigger . a tad overpriced but it's bring your own wine .
get the chocolate cake for dessert , beet salad and chicken pizza ! great spot .
amazing gelato , blueberry lavender a must try .
heather is the best
good fun ! good food ! kids eat free with adult combo purchase . kids love the hats and coloring .
dr . barin is a kind and caring professional . office staff is courteous and professional as well .
this is a fantastic ayce sushi restaurant ! the pricing is excellent and the sushi even better .
cuts are average to good depending on who you get . not my location of choice .
pretty tasty mexican food and fast service .
num 5 describes our server aracely
have had great colors and cuts done here , recommend stephanie or daniel for any and everything !
food is great only 1 problem . ... it smells real bad the carpet is filthy please change
come to pepe's when in phoenix . good food and great margaritas . great service , friendly and fun .
definitely recommend
good quality fish with friendly service . it beats the other neighborhood sushi restaurants .
way better than subway .
had a great experience here my waiter jason was fun and friendly and the food was amazing
got my tribal design here . place is clean and service is great . would go back again .
you have to try their cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries amazing . the kisra's are awesome as well .
the best nails in henderson ... rose always takes cate of us ! ! ! fun and have tons of choices !
i went here at num on a monday . it was just ok .
how hard is to get a beer ? apparently plenty ! come here if you want terrible service .
really slow service ! won't be back . should have trusted the reviews of my fellow yelpers
sooooo hard to find good sushi in scottsdale .
wow ! like costco meets cabelas . great customer service , huge store , prices seemed great to me .
came back for bun bo hue , but the broth wasn't as flavorful like the first time i had it .
love the hot yoga class taught by tina . the place is also very clean . highly recommend !
a great nc barbecue place in las vegas . great brisket . great pork and carolina vinegar sauce
they take great pride in customer service which is a rare thing with mechanics nowadays
not too many places i can get food that taste like home . this place measures up big time . ! ! !
nice employees , fast service and i left happy . they found what i needed in a matter of seconds !
decent house cocktails , cute bar , good music . cozy and warm and easy to sit at the bar .
the place has long lines and a musty smell in the theater . sad looking crowd . not going again
pretty good service and the pizza is a great value . we are happy with this location .
the buffalo wild wings that made me a fan . great location , great size , and great service .
called them , they gave me an estimate and sent someone over that same day ! ! ! awesome job ! ! !
just a great experience all around . i had the sage chicken and waffles . it was divine .
great cuban food , best in las vegas , and good service at a very reasonable price .
fabulous pedicure ! great service ! will be back for a gel manicure and eyebrow wax very soon .
delicious beef pad thai ! their staff is always so nice ! the crab rangoons are also delicious !
great service for the time we arrived til the time we left . great food ! ! and beer ! !
num mins and counting ... drive through . single car .. nuff said .. 5 soft tacos . outrageous .
the bartender was prompt and friendly . will definitely return .
very very good . a tiny bit pricy for italian food but none the less it was very tasty
i love this place , great drinks and food ... awesome entreatment
fun to go and play around a little bit . really nice facility .
thank you . kids loved it and they had so much fun . they even couldn't leave the booth .
great service . prompt & pleasant serviceman . beautiful job .
really disliked my experience with air canada . customer service was terrible at pearson airport .
just had a delicious latte and morning glory muffin . both excellent ! everyone was very nice .
best pizza in town . must try the mamma spinato pizza , its the best !
the sushi is amazing ! they have brought back the art of sushi to the valley ! thank you sushiholic ! !
great place catch happy hour and the street tacos !
heads up : booster juice is opening at this location .
just watched a guy in a sf giants cap flip burgers with his glove . gross .
tasty food ! great service . love their restaurant week amazing grilled salmon and mac and cheese !
loved the st patty's day menu , good beer and the bartenders were good at what they did .
great resort for families . all the excitement of vegas , without the casino .
good burgers for out of the freezer patties , nothing too special , just decent greasy spoon stuff ,
best burritos in las vegas . nevada burrito with sour cream :)
the white pizza and the gnocci are amazing ! great customer service . sit outside if weather permits .
no snow crab in lunch , everything is bad . no worth for the holiday price $ num + per person .
jt was the manger and he did a great job on helping me out with my tire problem .
easy to use website and they got 5 dudes in free to ghostbar at the palms at num pm at night .
jordan is the man and i would use him and refer him to all my friends and family . thank you ! ! !
jamie is awesome . i followed her from another salon just so she could continue to cut my hair .
they got dirty rate . c demerts.services is good.food is good.price is high .
been coming here for years . love the quality of fish and the amazing way they prepare everything .
kann man jederzeit empfehlen .
delicious , vegan options . surprisingly good pineapple curry .
i used to go there every single day ! ! i always get the chicken teriyaki bowl ! sooo good !
soup is ultra salty . good portion of food thought .. ok acceptable . casual lunch
excellent as usual . terrific food , atmospher , and service .
the food is not great here and is overpriced , wouldn't recommend it .
very nice hotel . the room was very clean and the staff was nice . would defiantly stay here again
the pumpkin pecan pancakes were terrific ! came with eggs and bacon . excellent breakfast .
this place rocks ! amazing italian food , service and atmosphere , every time !
found this place by chance . glad i did . the food is fresh and delicious . get down here and grub ! ! !
still good tho it may need more improvement in time but still good food and alright services .
not impressed . the fruit wasn't ripe and for the price it should have had flavor .
mediocre food . bad service . uncomfortable furniture . skip this , lot's of places on main st .
crispy banh mi has mad a few changes for the better . i love the sandwiches and boba tea .
closed . :-(
awesome place to grab drinks with friends and catch a game of skeeball .
awesome place . highly recommended .
good service . pleasantly surprised with the food .
nice club . i wish they had more tables and sittings outside .
great food . so delishious . ask for nicola he was the boom . he had great food and drink suggestions .
a wonderful walk ! if you're a nature person , then this is a must see in the city .
update - just saw these guys at luxor . they still rock . so entertaining . love , love , love .
i've even come here for a concert and i haven't been let down .
best . lobster roll . ever . beer challenge is great , too .
i've always had a great experience here . super timely , affordable , and friendly customer service .
the pastries are beautiful and delicious and the pastry case provides a great photo opportunity .
the food here is spectacular , and the ambiance is great . servers are always friendly .
this place should be renamed american trashcan based on the crowd .
probably my favorite sushi place , the food is great and you can't beat their happy hour prices .
worst meal ever ! ! ! i've eaten at a lot of places in my life and this hands down was awful ! ! !
after initial installation and customer service problems , troy finally made it right .
spicy tomato bisque very good . menu and food quality has improved since opening . plan to go back !
quality is not good and the place is dirty . there are much better places in north york .
these guys are great , fair , honest , and fast . just got a new roof put on , completely satisfied .
value gets 2 stars - imo very overpriced .
his name was " doulton "
the staff is so friendly . dr . greenberg is great . so glad to have found ageless remedies .
very nice staff always clean when i go in here . really good froyo and good flavor selection
she has them on tuesdays .
as expected , they're now closed !
based on my experience , i would not recommend cleveland moto .
we love this place . great chips and salsa and all the meals we have tried have been excellent .
decent food ... but not great , considering its high prices .
their sausages are out of this world ! plus love the beer menu !
fantastic menu of the highest quality foods in the world . can't wait until they come to seattle .
about the only thing i can say good about this location is that they finally got my order correct !
fantastic service and price ! would highly recommend express towing .
clean , cool , fast & friendly - i always send my books here for pick up , makes it very easy .
little raggedy hut across from the phx art museum / theater ... very clean plus points on that
okay so i came . i saw . i tachi'd and ummmmmm yah what are those four stars about ?
delicious noodle soup , w great ingredients . totally worth the cost . and buns are amazing too .
amazing value , fantastic food , fish burrito is excellent , jalisco is a winner . i come here alot .
wyndham pittsburgh = motel num quality at marriott prices . rooms are small . staff is surly .
i went to mike's today because he had 5 stars on yelp . he is friendly and did a good job .
followup : after posting the review , they reached out and made an effort to correct my impression .
this is the cleanest roberto's i've been in .. always good service and food .
the cream of the crop ! awesome hookahs and customer service . you have to try tangiers
this place was great . a little slow but it was really busy . the best sushi in vegas !
both their hk milk tea and coffee taste terrible . extremely watered down and overpriced .
delicious foo . great service and awesome margaritas . happy hour pirces / offers are great .
this place has pretty good breakfast menu . love it here but there always is a wait of num minutes .
the pizza was crazy good and the beers awesome ! ! chef chris amazing absolute must eat restaurant .
we'll definitely come back .
david's tea offers friendly service , a large selection , and a very clean shop ! :)
try the freaking egg rolls . amazing .
beautiful and real . michael is the real deal , hands down . honest , open and authentic .
amazed i could taste my food after sitting in the stench of cigarette smoke in the restaurant .
hands down the best thai in town ... never ordered a single thing i isn't like ! ! ! a must try !
service was slow but food and coffee was great . definitely a must for a sunday morning brunch !
downgrading for not only lacking bicycle parking , but ignoring me when i pointed it out .
love this place always use the beaver mustard bottle with your burger !
great place to bowl with family . my family and i have been there a couple of times .
i like it cause the food is really hot yo ... 3 stars because the food is pricey ..
small highschool cafeteria . not worth the dime .
just nothing that exciting . i'm not a beer person so this is mainly food related .
awesome place ... ! ! so delicious ! ! all you can it .. ! and very kindness service welcome everyone ! !
food is good , they have gaming , pool , buck hunter etc . it's a fun place on this side of town .
vegas baby ! but when are they going to fix that taxi line ? ! sooooo slow each and every time .
food is awesome and service is good . my kids love the fries and we never go home hungry .
excellent sushi and teppanyaki in a cool nightlife atmosphere .
nice park ! had a blast with the familly . frisbee golf course looks like it could be fun !
ok for drinks and snack . dinner experience could have been better .
great place , delicious food , the bananas foster crepes were divine ! the service was great too !
great value ... true non-smoking room . great staff . good room service food .
not bad , but not amazing . better than wendys ... i had the double chargrilled combo with fries .
only had apps ( slider pork sandwiches ) . service was good , pork was ok , but had better bbq .
superbe endroit , excellent service , bons drinks , bonne bouffe !
i like the food but the service is mediocre . the servers are rude .
very great service , they help me everytime i come in and they have everything in stock thanks guys
first time here and omg ! this place is so cool ! grapenut ice cream - - need i say more ?
i ordered their red beans and rice with sausage ... very tasty delicious ... cant wait to try more
fast , cheap , and professional , i'd definitely come back for the rest of my ear piercings
what t . j . said . :)
the best baba ganoush in downtown ! ! ! reasonable price , nice place , clean kitchen and fast order !
best chi in henderson . their coffee is not bad either . very good place for lunch .
we love this place . great food . we call it ole faithful , cause it's always consistently good .
best breakfast place in pittsburgh . the food and service is excellent and it's a great atmosphere .
great food and outstanding customer service . this will be a regular stop for me .
great shannxi style food . roujiamo , yangza , lamp soup , noodle ...
one of the best modern mediterranean kitchens in the locality ! definitely recommend it !
adorable little creperie . had the cinnamon bun crepe with salted caramel gelato . yum !
less variety , but nice food . good deep fried tempura vegetables and ice cream .
we love this market and wish we lived closer to make it every week . so many great vendors .
food was good , waitress were great ! casino was sub-par . but all and all the staff was excellent !
one the best pizza in phoenix area ... credetemi , e in piu ' sono molto cordiali .
old school barber shop . tony does a great job and makes great conversation . definitely recommend .
the girls at the front desk were very very helpful . very nice facility and great rates
their tomato sauce is too sweet . i swear they pour sugar in it . not a fan of that .
excellent service and consistently good food . andrew , the manager is a great asset to them .
great atmosphere .
underwhelming . has all the stables but food was average at best .
wunderbare lokation - sehr zu empfehlen !
they nailed it ! ! great flavor ! ! carne asada , al pastor , carnitas , fish tacos and excellent salsa's .
excellent service every time i come . always delicious and my favorite option in vegas for ramen
good food and friendly service . great local hang out .
strawberry nutella is the best . fav icecream store in vegas after living here for 3 yrs
nice place to grab a cocktail in shadyside . great happy hours .
what a great atmosphere , great service , and the food was spectacular . a wonderful experience ! !
we meet here weekly to knit or . ... knot . lovely place . great treats , great service .
we've had ichiban sushi a few times and it's delicious . recommend it . :)
amazing ribeye steak . and i recommend the blt salad . really like the open kitchen too
cheap , fast , and consistently delicious ... definitely a regular stop for students in the area .
preise sind bischen hoch , aber dafur bekommt man echt was gutes , ich kan nur weiter empfehlen
awesome fajitas ! fresh made tortillas are amazing , and i use that word sparingly . great place .
love this pizza ! it's greasy and floppy , the best with only a few toppings or even just cheese .
would recommend this place to everyone . personally i love how cecy ( with black hair ) cuts hair :)
yuck . grease infested grossness . really bad .
such an amazing place the staff is great and remembers you and they make it enjoyable every time
from lemon drop to ipa , this place is the real deal !
really good food and great service as well . the beef ramen is very flavorful , we will be back .
order the coca-cola pork , you're welcome .
great find . courteous staff , pleasant location and professional work . thanks , i'll be back .
christian is the best bartender !
josh has great customer service skills . despite a misunderstanding he is a great employee .
way over priced ! ! ! you can get better quality food for half the price at other chinese fast food
this place is amazing . it's a bummer this is the only one in town but lucky for me i live close by .
does anyone know about those cold drinks .. ?
harkins is the best . i love their popcorn ! seats are very comfy , too .
great food , drinks and outdoor patio atmosphere with live music . we loved our server , kera !
nice friendly place with lots of beverage choices and delicious sides .
it was a tasty chimichanga and there are large tvs for watching games . i'd go back .
awww they closed and took all the roaches with them :( bye little buddies :(
a true gem in vegas . always the best selection of num in streetwear and high-fashion garments .
pizza muffins are amazing . we also like lasagna and and anti pasta salad . they also gave pazookis !
awesome drive in lady . smiling and the drink was waiting for me . awesome service
worst customer service - very high prices
sheila is awesome . she cuts and colors my hair perfectly every time . love her ! ! !
great food . eggs benedict was very well done , and the california scramble was delicious .
my go-to grocery store . close to home and good organic selection .
nitro cold brew and rishi teas ! what more do you need ?
great staff . right now they have organic hot apple cider ; yum ! snoballs are great as well .
great bar in uptown charlotte . patio is open for summer ... can't beat it .
loved it since it opened ! great gluten free pancakes !
close this place down ! terrible food , service , and prices .
* * see grand cafe - green valley ranch * * . this is for anthem .
fast , inexpensive , good portion size , consistent food quality ... what's not to like ?
always a good time for plenty of alcohol , drunk tourist , and good music ! best in the warm weather !
fun place , good vegan options . great drinks . their vegan chili is excellent .
great sushi , unique rolls , classic rolls , and fresh ingredients . love salmon bomber ! ! !
i ate their sushi on num and found that it was fresh . service was pleasant and not hurried .
incredible meal . amazing cheese selection , phenomenal beers , great service !
good food , the chef and the host make you feel welcome and the food did not disappoint as well ..
love the chicken and desserts . fries as well ! but always busy the place so recommend to go .
understaffed , undertrained , about as bad as the rest of the monte carlo
amazing coffee , wonderful service , great treats . best coffee shop in pittsburgh .
yummy bacon cheeseburger . i'll go back next time i am in arizona , or if they open one in las vegas .
this place is fantastic there creations with food is great i love the atmosphere and service num
yum ! serious nothing else to say . best spot in town for a treat , breakfast or lunch .
first time here and didn't know what to expect . chana batura and dosa were pretty good .
they will cheat you on price . buyer beware . this place is not friendly ; they are scammers !
great place to bring the family on a sat and sun . nice park for the kids and animals .
wahlburgers is a fun treat when visiting las vegas because the location is right on flamingo .
great service and great sushi ! their shrimp cracker appetizer is amazing , everyone should get it .
food was good but overpriced and slow service .
as i was eating my rotisserie chicken , i looked down and noticed blood ooozing out ! yuck !
the thai basil was delicious and reasonably priced . very quick service , highly recommended .
amazing . this night was a wonderful treat from my brother . best food and incredible company .
does not matter if the food is good if place is not clean . very dirty .
my all time favorite spot to get my juices ! if they don't got it they will order it for you ! :)
very much over-priced place . they charge something like $ num for 4 shrimp dumplings . shocked .
nice little store . friendly service . great tasting drinks . tried its taro and it's amazing .
their panang curry is pretty amazing ! the service here is also very good . no complaints here ! !
excellent food i am happy that my son did research and choose this place service is great
the worst car wash experience i had with them they dont clean good and they charged me $ num wtf and
the very best service i have ever used . once finished everything is perfect !
. i was served wine in a dirty glass . yuk .
best chicken salad with house dressing within a num mile radius ( at least ) .
very helpful employees , got shoes that feel great for less than i was planning to spend
the best indian lunch buffet around ! i stop here every time i'm in monroeville at lunch time .
great service ... just didnt care for the smoky environment . the friend mushrooms are excellent !
have eaten here a few times . have the food delivered to our office for lunch . very yummy !
renovation is really messing up the schematic of store layout . not a happy sams club shopper
fabulous service and flowers with every main . lovely ! fresh fish
i fw kure it's a dope lounge to chill and vape . solid juices and the niggas are cool af
my wife and i really enjoy the foods here ! the soup is so delicious ! we will come again next time !
this place has the best curry i've ever had with good prices . 5 stars , they earned all of them .
hat mir vor 5 jahren besser gefallen ! musik top , die stimmen der hauptakteure bissle wackelig
katie callahan and jeff ! nuff said . they made phoenix cool again with this spot .
nice and generous portions , only tried the skewers this time but will come back and try other stuff
excellent meal . my num visit and it's always been great ! nice atmosphere and great staff .
food is healthy and delicious .
excellent place . great product selection . reasonable prices .
great service ! very professional and helpful . don't bother calling the other guys .
self serve fro-yo and toppings = amazing ! down side = price .
- lots of seating
casual , busy , good beer selection , awesome potato chips . the food menu is too short .
beautiful and fresh flowers every time , never disappointed ! !
highly recommended !
amazing food , drinks and pastries . must try the strawberry chicken salad !
one my favorite places to come downtown . food is great , nice size portions , & always fresh !
i love it ! good curry and great buffet price . tandoori pollo is awesome . the place is very nice .
cheap and great food !
i really love this deep sea world . it is facinating for children and adults alike .
the best port of subs ever ! ! ! i don't why they are so outstanding , but they truly are !
had a great dinner with my girls on a saturday night . enjoyed the food , drinks , and live music .
average food that you can find anywhere but nice scenery . hopefully the food gets better
just watch where you pick up your produce .
my food was burnt , maybe ordered the wrong thing
good food . creative entrees . smelt was a bit overdone .
amazing crepes ! the berry crepes were to die for . i want to try the nutella ones next time .
best portuguese chicken in the city ! highly recommended . owners take pride in their work .
service is quick . food is good . price is right . great for a quick business lunch .
very limited gluten-free menu , unless you eat cow . ugh ! ! !
this place is awesome ! ! support local breweries ! it's also a 5 minute walk from my house ...
easy drop-off and prompt attention . quick oil change service !
looking for a place that is pet friendly and found great food too . outstanding .
skimpy all wrap and hardly any filling . chicken burrito - see if you can find the chicken .
good music , gets a little crowded on the dance floor . drinks prices good . the food pretty tasty
my video review : num
had a blast riding dune buggy's . safe and fun . it's a must do when you are in las vegas .
super cool variety of furniture and decor . prices can be a little on the high side .
had a nice comfortable stay . a vast room compared to what we are used to .
go for the western burger awesome fried onion strips it's the best in the neighborhood .
$ 2 tuesdays . great place for drinks , bar food , and a few rounds of pool .
who knew ?
best chicken souvlaki in toronto period . this is not a burger joint .
i finally found a perfect donut place ! and it's absolutely delicious ! must try for everyone !
even the chinese buffet in chadron , nebraska was better than this . don't even be tempted .
took my son here , he enjoyed himself and he got a great haircut . exactly what expected .
great park with a literary theme nestled in the bustling city area .
really good breakfast . a lot variation of food . excellent service.prices are pretty fair .
shawarma in pita is ahhmazing ! nice little family place food is great , staff is even better .
very good pizza and meatballs , and very low prices .
2 fritters will fit in box for a dozen donuts , nuf said . incredible .
i love to eat . and i shop hungry . i know , bad for me ... good for albertsons .
good hawaiian style food . had the korean chicken w / mac salad taste pretty good .
i will always find something i want from ross , no matter where it is !
great car wash , and decent location in the west valley .
won't be renewing annual pass due to poor customer service .
i love this little bakery . great dim sum , good steamed buns , and terrific homemade baozi .
ordered eggplant with sichuan sauces , twice cooked pork , and kung po chicken too salty and too oily
there isn't anything special about the food . but i'm glad i tried it . the service was good .
like they say . it may not be a club for everyone . but i have never walked away disappointed .
really great breakfast . this place is always busy ! def try their homemade bread and jam ! !
way older crowd slow service leaving now
our meal was ridiculously good and very modestly priced . sat in the bar due to a long wait .
darren's a dootiehead again . i found nothing wrong with their pizza or wings .
no more wondering it is scrumptious every last bite thanks lo lo for making our experience the best
nice and large portions , however , there were too much cheese and too chewy for my taste .
inexpensive , well made comfort food . huge portions . highly recommended .
terrible customer service . manager is a douchebag . made us pay for food we did not eat .
love it ! they have happy hour everyday num ! ! !
service was great and didn't have to wait long . the food was good but was hoping for better .
terrific shop . fast service , interesting flavors . very worth it !
horrible decor . service was ok . food is overpriced for what you get . not worth the time and money .
they went up on their rates so i'm not happy about that . they lose a star because of it .
awesome food , although crazy busy . isaiah was great and made me smile the whole time .
first time . great food . was impressed . had pho , papaya salad , thai tea . spring rolls were meh
delicious giant single scoop waffle cone . and a fortune cookie . what more could you ask for ?
yum ! ! rich flavor ! salted carmel was out of this world !
el pastor tacos are amazing , one of the best tacos i ever had . i will def be back ... :)
dr chan is a great doctor . i recommend him to anyone i know
this place has bad service , lazy waitresses and a negative staff ! do no come here for " happy " hour !
have been to the west side location several times . great wait staff and food . never disappointed .
this place . this place is just amazing . it's quality and the taste is superb . get the tuna luau !
no complaints
get the spicy hot and juicy sauce it's a must if you like spicy food
really good food awesome staff . a definitely have to try the pastys excellent place ..
delicious ! great service ! the salmon sashimi is so good . great for date night or family night .
great place . small and has great drink prices . can't forget to mention beer to go ! kcco
repeat : maybe
meat was so little it was unreal only about 2 ounce that's nothing with the price you charge
love the garlic knots ! ! ! italian sausage was to die for ! ! ! can't wait to go back ! ! !
awesome facility and staff ! the club manager is great !
diese fitness studio ist sehr gut und ordentlich und gehe auch wieder hin .
good food . a little overpriced . service was ok a little obnoxious but better than unattentive .
this place rocks ! ! ! i haven't had anything here that wasn't spectacular . try the mac n cheese !
always too slow . food is decent but nothing spectacular but i know what to expect here .
best indian food i've had in pittsburgh . delicious buffet , and well priced .
great place for large group , and food is tasty !
you can't go wrong with any of these taco selections ! friendly staff , great food & cool location ! !
the best deep dish pizza in az . also recommend trying their house dressing ... amazing
this place saved my life ! a minute from home and nice people i can trust ! thanks jack and his team
love itreally great service ! ! and they have a lot different mexican goodies ! ! will come back soon !
tiramisu ummm ! ! great new business in old town scottsdale . unique flavors ! ! !
excellent dinner . had a new york strip steak and scallops for $ num
one of my favorite places in vegas . great seafood . make sure to get the seafood tower
pretty good sandwiches , but i think i'll stick to capriotti's , just down the street
alix was our server and she was awesome
great ' hide-a-way ' place . first time there . will be going back .
awesome food . a lot of variety to choose from . one of the best yakiniku style restautant in num ...
unbelievable service , great people , clean place , super star artists ... will continue to come back .
very nice atmosphere , dj played good music , wasn't overly populated , i would definitely come again !
great for cheap movie ticket price on tuesdays ! however , tuesday price was increased recently .
fast and friendly service . they fixed my galaxy num quickly and professionally .
good food , friendly hometown bar type place .
best day care , always accommodating and awesome schedule . the only one that has a num service .
this is such a great show ! they are all so talented and we loved the intimate venue .
we wanted some southern bbq , this place delivered and then some . gotta be the best in the area .
went here with the family . pork was juicy and flavourful . enjoyed the greek salad also .
run by super nice people and it's fun , even for adults . we had a great time .
decent subs . new store . clean and bright . easy access . friendly staff . ample portions .
fantastic food and nice owner . casual place to go with family . we will definitely be going back .
had patrick again this year , everything went smoothly , he is convenient and knowledgeable .
always gets my order right and is always fast about ans verg good customer service thanks guys
good neighborhood food . great menu with lots of specials to choose from .
the absolute best nail salon ! ! i have been coming here for years ! highly recommended ! !
i travel often for work and purchased a day pass here at this location good choice nice and clean .
here for the anniversary . great service friendly atmosphere . we will be back ! the line moves fast .
we got the french toast and three eggs benedict . they were really good ! place is also v cute
great selection , high end stuff . a must stop for those looking for quality clothing in phoenix .
nothing but great things to say . terrific food , wonderful ambiance , fantastic service . i love lola !
good hookah . this saturday night it was like a dance club ; party crowd & dj .
a bit overpriced for mediocre bar food . super loud atmosphere also ...
great choice for brunch as well as drinks . one of the best places in the neighbourhood !
great wings and wedgies pizza is above average . bread sticks are the best
good service good food , best carne asada tacos . will definitely be eating here again :)
amazing and fresh ! the steak tacos are amazing ! also the burritos are delicious ! great food !
a good walgreens . its big , got a pharmacy , its clean . very convenient location for many . :-)
the food was excellent and the delivery was early . i especially recommend the honey walnut shrimp .
good food , awesome service ! ask for chelsey , she's very attentive with a great personality ! ! !
i've cold beer and free rodeos on friday ! !
want to be treated like a princess ... vip limousines is a must !
i got a mani / pedi ... my nail is now infected ... will not go back
comfortably dirty bar . serves little kings . excellent .
really tasty . was at spring mountain location , lady's a crack up . loaded up for under $ num .
i can't believe i haven't been in here earlier ! the food is awesome and so is the staff !
i love the poached egg and chicken breast so much i just wished there were more of them !
fun family atmosphere . the best burger around . everyone should try the lotta burger .
the place is deserted . the steak is average . the wine is mediocre . the prices are huge .
not a great spot . i would avoid at all costs . i'm sure there are better alternatives .
rude folks at the front desk but good food !
fantastic food . the crack rolls are incredible , the fried chicken delicious . very smoky inside !
good food and inexpensive . the market is worth walking through while you wait .
they really revamped and updated the food and beers . i'm now a fan .
nice cheap place with friendly staff and you certainly you are well looked after ! brilliant !
always get the same thing . j . r special , never disappointed . the potato mac is off the hook !
the beds are way too soft . good service and pleasant staff though .
excellent thin crust , oven baked pizza . jeff and his staff do a great job . love this place .
taste delicious ! mission all the way downtown to satisfy those cravings .
what a great place to eat ! ! the freshest sushi and great staff . had the best yellowtail
poor selection of meats . noodles are terrible . disappointing for mongolian . i would not return .
worst service ever ! horrible bloody marys and wait staff had no clue what they were doing .
absolutely the best burritos ever . loved the atmosphere and the service . must visit in phoenix .
quick pitstop in the venetian .. nice break from all the smoke-filled casinos
i am swiss and for me it is a cult place . just like home , good service , fantastic birchermusli .
i'm getting a king size posturepedic for an amazing price to be delivered this week ! great service .
the quality of the sashimi is decent and better than ayce . price for quality is good .
good food and plenty of it ! very friendly staff ... be hungry ! toasted western is my favourite .
the best in vegas for auto services four location tell them the two hawaiian guys sent you
best indian food in town ! omg , the flavor is actually inside of the food ! and great price !
great on a weeknight .
i've only tried the coffee bar , but the in-house pastries are out of this world .
sadly after two trys , i left . they could not cook the pancakes right . i hate wet middles .
been going her for years . great prices and huge portions . breakfast burrito is great .
if you're a burger snob and in toronto , this is it . stop reading this review and eat there .
i usually only go here to get cups for my job . they always have them available !
great customer service . ordered way too much food but was worth it ! white rice was bomb too !
very good . lunch portions are small but the yellow curry was tasteful and authentic . nice heat .
really enjoyed the food here . amazing fries . hissy fit fries and fat stack is what i ordered .
very loud place . i had some sort of burrito that had ... wasabi in it ... it tasted pretty bad .
great service , lovely atmosphere and top class food . try the vegetarian omelette ... it's awesome !
good food . weird employees . they were sitting all over each other in the dining room .
not the best area and not the cleanest qt .
i had a very great steak on the 2 for $ num menu . my long island iced tea was made perfect
not worth it , bad crowds , worse professors , and they don't know how to work a thermostat .
essential stop every time we visit vegas ! get the chicken parmesan , insane value for lunch .
great hair stylist . come see stephanie . if she can put up with me she can put up with anyone . lol
great place to get bite of an overpriced breakfast and average " high society " service .
small portion sizes , barely filling and average taste overall
great food . great service . nice owners and didn't even before for . a yelp review . go here .
it's a dive bar , a dirty dive bar that lacks service and smiles . cheap drinks yes .
great experience . quiet nice environment . love the hours and architecture . librarians helpful
good luck
starting my new year right ... pampering myself at my favorite spot ! they treat me like a
best thai in gilbert ! very friendly staff and owner .
the best . a great place to get framing done .
great people and repair ! ! ! highly recommend ! quick and prices are good ! lots of items for $ 5
one thing is always consistent with panda express . it's always bad .. why do i do this to my self ?
when we are in the area . bye starbucks
second time here and it was great again . try the chili hot dog it's amazing ! ! we will be back .
one of the best indian places in the city palak paneer and the butter chicken . great rice
very good place for work events . dog friendly very clean and private areas . dark atmosphere .
my spray tan lasted num days !
excellent place to have a good beer , with good company , and away from most of the tourists .
cute , good food , and cheap prices . its nice to eat off the strip sometimes . :o)
really good food . their chicken avocado was delicious .
pickering's gin distillery tour . nice tasting session but are not yet shipping to the states
twice eaten here and got sick . found out the kitchen personal don't keep cooking area clean .
one of our favorite sushi spots on the westside . quick service and very generous portions !
good rates , staff is nice , easy in and out .
good shops , hard rock cafe , cinemas and guitar displays
very very good food . service great . great neighborhood bistro . heard brunch was amazing here .
the natural blendz get acai smoothies and new flavors . my favor place to get raw juice
excellent traditional breakfast . plenty of food for a num ' 4 " dude . great friendly service
great place , great location , worst service ! no one at the door . we waited num min to order a beer !
i'm not sure why this restaurant closed ... it served amazing persian food ... hope it reopens !
fast , relatively inexpensive , good mexican food . it's a good spot for lunch during the workweek .
matt thompson really rocked our world with free shots and carbs . he save our friend's birthday !
great food and we really appreciated there being kid friendly options here ! ! good find !
get the spicy sweet bibimbap with the sashimi ... holy awesome !
they hate their jobs here and are miserable . go to lowe's instead . better customer service there !
made us wait num minutes for an x-ray , slow as snail , find somewhere else to get your images taking .
damn good bbq , even the leftovers were incredible !
not impressed . food came to the table warm not hot . if you want a mico brew go to b . j .
best place to chill . the staff is great and love the deejay ! ! ! good food , good music !
they are not open as their hours advertised . made me drive to them and it was closed .
great study place at night . the hostess that worked tonight was one of the sweetest people ever .
try the cheviche ! best i've ever had ! they continue to out do themselves every time i come .
nice place to pick up some green tea before or after a flight
i wrote my review under canaletto ristorante veneto this place isn't worth the money !
very good sweets and treat . very laid back place
inexpensive and great food ! locals come here .
all average fried food . i don't think its much to write home to mom about .
nice little discovery in laval . the food and service were great . portion are perfect . go for it
i found a fly on my food today . couldn't believe it ! never again !
cute outdoor area . staff super helpful and polite !
exceptional entrees , especially the filet mignon . quite good service . we'll be back .
great steak and great atmosphere . i'll choose this over other chain steak houses . worth the price
great ambiance , food , and drinks . a perfect spot for happy hour . you won't be disappointed !
i still miss the chicken on the road waving at everyone from le peep on central .
i don't skate but the kids had fun at a bday party ... staff was friendly and the place was clean
this was a great find . huge portions and good wine . we will be back . chito was an awsome waiter .
place is amazing , food is excellent , nice vibe in the restaurant , our server kobee was the best
it's okay ...
decent if you've never been to shanghai . food tastes alright but not authentic .
the best food @ town square . love the " cb in paradise " . super friendly staff .
great bbcue and extras . a bit loud for talking tho !
john schmidt is the best . he always takes great care of me .
we absolutely love this place ! it is our new thursday dinner spot . great staff great food !
this is a really nice theater i don't go here much but the screens the seats they are all there !
we eat at red lobster 3 or 4 times a year . we enjoy the food and service . and yes , the biscuits .
loving this place all the food is good too . love the orange chicken and the egg drop soup
beautiful bar , with a hot staff . 2 for 1 patron drinks made my day ! great drink stop
if you have a nissan or infiniti there is no better place in town to have it serviced . period .
fast food for french cuisine , and we know how that works . horrible and over expensive
by far my most favorite subway . the am crew is wonderful . always nice and friendly .
i really liked this quick casual place . the sandwiches and soup were great .
friendly service and great food ! eaten here several times and it's always terrific .
order the cocktail called ' the viale ' , it is one of the best bourbon drinks i've ever had .
awesome ! ! i tried the pumpkin spice latte it was amazinggggg ! the service was a little slow .
great food and great service . i could eat here 3 meals a day . happy hour prices don't hurt either !
best breakfast downtown . staff was great ! everything was unique and tasty :)
the best restaurant in the universes . very european like tastes and appetizers , just wow ..
the best chicken sandwich in canada ! amazing people running the shop .
helpful , knowledgeable , and friendly staff . wide selection of merchandise . reasonable prices .
very funny and kid friendly ... drinks were a bit expensive and hotel was very smokey ..
amazing meats ... well priced and affordable ... totally recommend ... excellent wait staff .
regular stop every time we at canada .
wow ! great prices and delivery . loved the avocado curry and spicy basil tofu .
delicious , the fries and onion rings are amazing
great food and service ! love the flautas and tortas ! the agua de hochata is really good too !
awesome place . very good and kind service . it's my preferred hairdresser in toronto .
they seem like have moved to another location . visit the cafe today but inside was all empty ...
outstanding dealership .. i recommend you come make a visit and see for yourself .
excellent show . lots of audience participation . never a dull moment .
clean and nice veg selection , try the vegetarian buffet on monday evenings .
i hope you're ready to go diving ... this is a dive bar . takes forever to get the check too .
great food , khao san road still remains superior .
chips are too salty , guac taste great !
chicken was tender , and cheese had a nice kick . yummy
the worst customer service . staff was extremely rude , yelled at customers . will never return .
amazing massage ! highly recommend to anyone needing a place to relax and work out stress .
best italian in vegas . good quality food for slightly better prices than the strip restaurants .
no longer accepts debit cards at the pumps . couldn't find soda i wanted inside . terrible service .
first time here . the service was great ! next time i'm going to try the jerk chicken pizza
i had the cinna bun pancakes were perfect iam a regular here now best breakfast n vegas
i have no idea what the 3 star reviews are for , this place is great especially for $ num
best hot dogs and beef sandwiches .. a real taste of chicago
really nice experience . should not be missed . generously recommend it . definitely a 5 stars .
great mall with excellent shopping and food court .
pom is the bomb ! ! she is amazing at her craft and will give you just what you are looking for !
we were driving through and needed a beer . our waitress was great , but the food was only mediocre .
great food . great music . great atmosphere . a true parma pub ! bring your friends .
nice , comfortable atmosphere . sharon is a great stylist and amazing colorist .
very good food . top quality ... kind of expensive but what in vegas isnt expensive
absolutely love this place , the all you can eat sushi is the bomb ! the hurricane was sooo good
i love this mall . i used to work here . my kiddos love the indoor amusement park here & cinema .
very innovative " ice cream " . they have great boba too ! ! love it .
tasty food and great cakes , cookies , and brownies . love it and will be returning soon .
soodubu jigae . unlike most i've had . packed full of tofu and meat . well developed flavor .
stopped by after dinner today ; they had several tasty options of gelato . very nice .
great food ! great service ! just wish i could eat as much as i used to in my twenties !
their vegetarian manchurian was delicious . decent ambience . lot of options and really good food .
the fact that bashas is still even in business both astounds and frightens me .
excellent location , top-notch service , decor .
above average food and beer . always a solid lineup on tap , good menu , usually pretty good service .
service technique sur rendez-vous seulement .
i had the beet salad with salmon . absolutely delicious ! rooftop view of the city is great !
great place to eat . fast service and very affordable . cheesesteak hoagies are the best !
two words ... chips and queso . it has ruined every other place i go to but its worth it
food sucks , but of all people with a cult like mentality . stay clear
came here on my lunch break and was in and out ! super friendly service and great deal !
yum - everything was sooooooo good ! large portions , delicious , fresh food , a keeper !
first time going to this place and i really love my nails ! ! for sure will be going back soon .
bombay chicken is the best ... big portions and cheaper ..
fantastic nail shop . clean and friendly . best in las vegas ask for mai .
to die for food and the atmosphere is adorable . great date night .
i love braddah's ! the food is delicious & the people that work here are super friendly .
great food on the expensive side . i had hoped the tea would be free . just like in turkey :-)
moist brisket was extremely good ! i was very impressed ! definitely will go back for more !
had a problem with cold food but mgr handled it promptly .. replaced not heated with microwave .
great pizza . crust is perfect . just thin enough to have a crispy finish , but still soft on top .
great service and delicious food . big portion and reasonable price . will definitely go back .
this place is awesome ! it's like sushi bowl ( with rice or salad ) . a little pricey , but a must try .
first time visiting , we will be back . really liked the grilled fish tacos .
first time here and the food is great ! janine our server was awesome ! ! i will be back
this is my favourite cafe in the area especially since they have a nice puppy-friendly patio .
if you want the best pizza west of new york city , this place is it !
wonderful food and our bartender dusty was an absolute pleasure ! can't wait to return !
excellent sushi , i love the volcano roll ! i say this is my hidden gem .
love this place ! cool atmosphere , great outside patio , and fabulous food !
great service , the blended drinks are delicious and i love all the different options !
nice .. num hr bun mi .. how can u go wrong ! !
this is not a mall , it's a latrine ! go to arrowhead town center instead on num ave & bell rd .
four cheese mac and chees with honey pepper chicken is bomb ! ! !
they do trivia , karaoke & djing events . jenny is awesome & you won't be disappointed .
really great thai food . i always just get the tofu pad thai and coconut juice . really delicious .
good first visit . i definitely want to go back and try to repeat the experience again sometime .
spencer the barber is great - i highly recommend the shave ! !
num craft beers on tap . awesome brick oven pizza ... homerun ! what more needs to be said .
i love schwartz ! been going since i was a little kid .
awesome chinese food ! if you live close like i do they deliver .
best corned beef sandwich i ever had . that sums it up . who cares about the other stuff .
worst service ever ! ! wrong drink order , wrong food order . drink refills non existent .
grrrrrrrreat breakfast . it was our first time , ever , there and the service and food was fantastic .
repeat : not in a hurry .
it's ok , but i dont understand all the hype and buzz about this place . very overrated !
fabulous for beer . plenty of space . board games . huge tv . just don't eat here - food was awful .
please spent your money somewhere else , meat rodizzio really slow , and not good taste
great lunch specials . nice location . red curry is tasty good , thai-tea is classic .
whoever does not like this place is crazy . the best dim sum in town .
my go to sushi bar , awesome sushi and japanese food . priced right and best of all open late .
they have good rice , and overall their food is great
great green chile burros and tamales and awesome pastries !
worth the wait , ramen and pork belly were excellent . will definitely eat here again ! !
great prices , huge portions and friendly environment . great place !
good job , on time , and friendly ! my yard looks great and believe me it was not easy today .
the toppings are great , and it's a great selection - - but i found the crust doughy and soggy .
perfectly prepared belly with an excellent bourbon ( rye actually ) .
best prices on cigarettes , don't really do anything else but come here and buy my tobacco .
excellent customer service and products . however , its pricey even for an outlet price .
such a unique and flavorful breakfast ! ! totally worth the wait , would visit again for sure ! !
our server donna was friendly and pleasant :)
retail therapy martini :) check out the ladies room too !
i ordered a medium steak but it was cooked beyond well done . the service was poor as well .
great food and jonathan is one heck of a good guy . tons of fresh specials ! ! !
very good with our dog . staff are friendly and make sure that your pet is well taken care of .
poor service , rude crew members and very unsatisfied with the amount of food i received .
good food . the conveyor system is neat and i like my food fast . i'd recommend it to friends .
great burgers , i wouldn't say they're over the top best , but they sure are good .
lots of creepy folks and the gals at the bar weren't even dancing , what's up with that ?
awesome job on time and super clean
love this hotel . it's a perfect little gem in phoenix
huge drinks !
good food i love the wings and the pizza is pretty decent for a chain store great specials too
great crowd , outdoor seating and casual food .
ordered take out from pizza taglio , outstandingly satisfying , original pizza .
fast and friendly service , good food and reasonably priced .
gordon & mary are the best ! ! i am a frequent morning customer . food is always good and plentiful ! !
very loving pet care hospital one of the best i have ever been blessed to visit .
caesar and his assistant did a great job and totally professional . thank you ! ! !
my favourite late snack food . gyros is a steal . open late night past 2 .
we love this restaurant . from the pizza to the southern fried chicken you can't beat bj's .
the best . best coffee in scottsdale hands down . very similar to portola in oc . friendly staff .
best gas station ever . worth the trip
judging yelp photos ? i am a zombie and eat brains ... does that mean i will starve at your place ?
meh . nothing is wrong but nothing is special . ok for a group lunch but not a dinner place for me .
food was mediocre , service was non existent , and they demanded tip . will not return .
always friendly service . beds are nice and clean . and the staff knows what they are talking about .
good hours
we eat here often , but lately the drive-thru is understaffed and it takes a while to get thru .
fast service and kind workers ! took their time and didnt leave a mark ! excellent service !
awesome very detailed and professional , everyone was super nice and dr . johnson was excellent .
overpriced mediocre coffee . not a fan at all . i'll stick to my tim hortons
great place ... ask colby for some of his drink idea's
lamb is delicious , a bit pricy but worth the meal . highly recommend to go and taste the food
couple hot girls dancing on stage , a sausage fest watching them .
had 2 belgian beers that were on tap . pork nachos were tasty . great service .
gotta love $ 2 car bombs , ' nuff said ( cuz i dont remember the rest of the night ) d:
authentic and tasty food , very friendly owners and staff . great find !
the new sprouts on sahara and hualapi is a great store . all fresh and good prices .
neat place in vegas away from all the casinos for some good beer and german food ...
great fish and chips and the wife enjoyed her salmon salad . awesome staff , definitely a nice pub .
food was great but the place looks little old and dingy .. portions are big . food cook fast .
can't complain other than the now legible sign out front . seriously , it's so good !
this cvs has a really good rx . we are such regulars , they usually know us by name .
ivan burger and a beer for num bucks on a wednesday feels like stealing ... its amazing !
have been here towise . great place , price is pretty fair for what you get . will come again !
great soup and salad and salad dressing .
my favorite place in town . the food is always super good . line can be very long at lunch time .
love this place ! great food , good beer and fun atmosphere .
start accepting my regular vicinity card and don't push your version if the card on me ...
i actually got a good haircut but the customer service was really bad . you've been warned .
duck curry is really good although expensive ( $ num ) . nice place to have a nice experience .
awesome place and very accessible for a downtown joint . and the bartenders are the best in town !
best pancakes in pittsburgh besides delucas . always delicious and the service is nice .
volvo of tempe told me precison auto body is good . it is better than good . great in every way .
good place to live . juccazi has not been working for months , swimming pool are always dirty .
we tried pita pit first and did not like there .
had the spanish omelette and pumpkin pancakes . definitely the best breakfast i've had in vegas .
the pizza is as good as advertised . believe the hype !
delicious pad thai . always get this and the thai tea when i come here . strongly recommend it
delicious ! i always get the chicken place sandwich with spicy fries , the price is not bad either .
for bar food this place rocks . best onion rings in town . yum !
yumi is very creative with her designs . she is a perfectionist with her work love her work .
the veggie egg rolls were wonderful ! i had the asian noodle fish soup ... delicious ...
great food , reasonably priced in a quietly elegant setting . mike is a great chef from chicago
barmaids provide bad service and are generally mean and cliquish .
delicious and a pretty healthy choice when going out to eat . oh and the baklava ... amazing !
first time here and my husband and i loved it . the chicken fried rice was soooooooo good !
pleasant workers .
great shop . always fast service and super cheap tire mounting and balancing .
excellent and friendly service . got my home button replaced on my iphone num . very fast .
good eats and good service ! big , juicy burgers and tasty fries .
a racist company which refused to apologize properly .
an experience to die for ! all i can say is - heaven .
i go here driving in to the farmer's market . great mochas . so big ! so wonderful !
took over n hour to get cold pizza .. the guy answering the phone is about as smart as my dog ..
the manager ... zack is a first class ___hole . bitch
like there subs its good i rcomend it . i usally eat der once a week . you should try it
this place is awesome ! ! travis did my pedicure and full set of nails , they are beautiful !
slow service it num min to our food and they wing were not even properly rolled in sauce ! terrible
nice customer service ... welcoming :)
too crowded . not impressed . snobby people . not fun having your feel stepped on .
very clean ! great and fun lessons and activities for the kiddos !
outstanding service , and a really nice setting , however , the food was very underwhelming .
their dumplings are great , service is fast , fairly clean . their fish tofu hotpot is superb .
the food taste and the services are consistent . a perfect spot for authentic thai food !
anna brittain is complaining that the bread is soggy on the spicy chicken sandwich uh oh
fast service ! yummy food ! this is a really cute brunch place great meetup for friends and families !
must hit the omelet station and the prime rib . always save room for dessert
high quality beer for every palate ! health choices for food ! i'm a fan .
our tub was clogged and motor did an expert job !
bad customer service taking advantage for young people / teenagers adding num % tip in thier bill ..
pretty good cheesesteak . we go there often . make sure to get an order of sweet potato fries !
this place has amazing meat choices and for me that's important , the rice and salad is great
not impressed with the food . management doesn't treat employees well i heard . also a little pricey
excellent service ! ! ! love to stay here and chill with bf ! ! ! the gelato here is amazing
red velvet bagel ! what can i say .
fanatic and unique ! great mix sushi dishes with other culinary ideas . it's a hidden gem .
love this place ! the best greek food in town ! and the customer service is always great too .
drove by , they are closed :(
was easy to access to the parking lot
we stopped for lunch and left impressed and full !
victoria , is one of the best stylist i know ! very meticulous and creative ! she is a must ! ! !
best manicure i have gotten ... got shellac and still no chips num days later . perfectly painted !
authentic and really good . we will be back for the buffet for sure . a little quirky but lovely .
oh my gosh ! they have amazing huevos rancheros . i try to get them at least once a week .
rice , great ! green chile , great ! bacon breakfast burrito with cheese , great ! will return .
great staff .
yummmmmm ! ! ! my favorite food ! lots of scrumptious , nutritious options !
awesome food . best salsa bar . they need a bigger restaurant to service more customers .
great pizza and friendly atmosphere . recently got some craft beers available . much needed .
wonderful place , stunning views of the old port , outdoor spa in the heart of montreal .
some pretty good tacos . closest to cali tacos so far in phoenix .
awesome spot ! love the people who work here . very friendly . try the peach pie !
i saw your restaurant on diners.drive n and diners ... congrats ... im heading your way soon .
awesome place to find almost any baking supply you would ever need !
clean gently played golf balls ! ron is has a nice selection ! many balls look new .
got delivery . food came quick , hot and delicious ! ! will definitely order again , yum ! !
excellent service , and food , plenty of tvs for whenever you want to watch , great atmosphere
not the best osmow's .
the butterscotch on the dessert menu is perfect . even james bond thinks so .
not worth going to , poor customer service and crappy thin pizza , just keep driving on by .
the manchego bruschetta was amazing ! would definitely go back to try more if their dishes .
delicious food and i love the atmosphere ! feels like i'm on vacation every time i'm here .
excellent , honest , & fast service ... highly recommended ... they give free estimates ...
the mushroom soup base is my favourite ! ! nice food ! nice service ! definitely come back
nice comfortable hotel , connected to bally's . has the famous " le village " buffet here .
a great selection of unique and tasty beers . good menu and ample portions !
nice place . friendly and the prices are good . will get my nails done here again .
i love this location ! each staff member is friendly and will help you to achieve your desired look !
mac and gaydos are the two biggest racist one sided cowards ive ever heard on the radio waves ! !
very good place - the food was good - the dancers made it fun - a great place for a group .
awesome food and friendly service ! the soups and sandwiches are delicious !
i definitely recommend prime time batting cages ! clean venue and very nice employees ! ! !
love this starbucks . always busy with tourists and locals . nice staff .
everything on the menu is amazing ! i loved the burnt honey ice cream for dessert !
had the california chicken avocado wrap , and wow , was freakin awesome ! ! !
amazing food , view and service . will definitely come back for the next special occasion .
best bar i've ever been in . you can't beat the view . get the duck spring rolls !
you need to try out the lobster with fry rice . gabriela and brenna are the best servers here ! ! !
interesting menus and great food . service is excellent ! very clean , well organized place .
a very cool hotel . it is big and has a fun roller coaster .
my carpets are clean and feel wonderful ! love the customer service !
great , fresh-tasting food ! love the sweet potato fries !
consistent with other glendale stores . they haven't messed my order up yet .
love this place food is great service is great and music is great . brenda was a really nice person .
i'm so in love with their salted caramel brownies ! !
food took num minutes and was delivered cold . flee this place .
awesome dental team . always helpful and take the time to make sure you are well taken care off .
best barber in northeast ohio ! ! without a doubt ... klay's been cutting my hair since num !
love this new place . great food , price , service , & ambience ! ! ! i highly recommend this restaurant .
i'm a fan ! my breakfast ( crab cakes and eggs ) was delish ! and the service was friendly and quick !
hakka noodles and hakka vegi manchurian .. awesome .. only problem is they charge extra for dine in
friendly , professional and affordable .
tasty , affordable and quick ! have been here a couple times for tacos and quesadillas .
amazing , enjoy the stuffed mushrooms ... the godfather and the crazy shrimp are awesome !
good food and great service . very clean and modern inside .
ordered pizza today as we had a coupon . had 3 different kinds-never again . not good pizza .
great spirits , a chill atmosphere and a friendly bartender . not much more you could ask for :)
thai obsessed . chicken panang curry , pad thai and pad see ew are great . i love getting take out .
dan is an awesome bartender ! great food and welcoming atmosphere ! ! highly recommend this place !
the turn around date is great .
always hit this one up for supplies . we find some pretty strange things to paint with here .
yummy ! so glad that container park is home to cheffini's , it's a perfect match .
everything was excellent : pub burger , meatloaf , chicken & date salad , and assorted breakfast dishes
the detest burger ever ! ! ! the 2 stars is for the fries and service . my a first and last visit .
great food . a bit over-priced . small portions . but a nice place .
i love coming here ! great food and the service is always perfect ! ! ! fun times !
the oldest bottle shop in charlotte and also conveniently located in south charlotte
great friendly and knowledgable staff . good prices . see rob ruenzi for your tire needs .
best combination rice ever ! ! i always order it when i eat here and that's what keeps me coming back
strawberry & spinich smoothie ... bamm ! !
i will recommend it to everybody !
sorry this place is not the place . they need to clean it up . from parking lots to rooms .
fantastic place great food better beer on tap and live country music a gem in the east valley
ingredients tastes fresh and good .
food has gone down hill since num . not sure what happened .
delicious potato soup and tender chicken ! we loved everything . our new fave mediterranean place .
food was good , big portions . value was good for the amount off food . people were friendly .
this place is the bomb . wings are devine and crunchy and jumbo sized . get the half and half wings .
drove in by chance and absolutely did not disappoint ! ! ! very tasty and fresh . we will be back ! ! !
i went to a dahn yoga in mesa . not traditional yoga . it's actually rather cult-like . beware .
bought my liberty safe from here in num . good sales , good delivery .
tasty food , long wait , super uncomfortable seats and a little pricey for filipino food
i've been visiting jackie for years and she always does an amazing job .
best vegan burger ! simple menu . can't wait to try the fish tacos
had the miso soup and the singapore noodles . tasty curry sauce and great presentation .
really good ice cream , and a super cool idea . they clap for you though which is scary
the shelby museum was beautiful ! ! ! the tour is about num hours long ... but worth it ! ! !
should always support small market ran by local citizens of las vegas .
my all time favorite thai restaurant in vegas . great prices for great food . absolutely amazing !
i got the num . mango kush , i wasn't impressed . the cups are weirdly shaped with a long straw .
solid food , but the best thing is probably the horchata from the coke dispenser !
loved the concept but the customer service was the best i have had anywhere in a long time !
love me to biscuits and gravy ! this place is amazing . the turkey sandwich is famous .
so good sushi burritos and ramen . it's a fast food place .. don't go expecting sit down dining .
bad mall sushi . that's it .
i always have a really positive experience when i visit this location .. and of course .. the biscuits !
tasty appetizers , lots of beer , sports on tv , who could ask for more .
the service here is not good . very unorganized and food arrived either undercooked or cold .
great seasonal menu , awesome cocktails , chill patio with tv's , professional service and good beer .
very tastey , but a little pricey for dinner . at least for my cheap budget .
if u don't want to drive to richmond hill , this is probably the best place to go for dim sum .
wally is the best ! he makes great margaritas and mixed drinks ! the best bartender in scottsdale !
no good at all meat on tacos overcook , guacamole was dark old , tortillas cold bad food :(
first time . above average food.good atmosphere . num stars is about right . i'll be back for sure .
good poutine ! 2 for 1 beers ! metro lionel groulx
great location . on top of the orbit stop . super modern . can't believe how nice the units look !
service is weak but it matches the quality of the food
greatly favored chicken , healthy portion size just wish the pricing was more economical .
apple stuffed french toast was delicious ! ! ! probably the best french toast i have ever had .
excellent food and friendly staff . good place for yummy , cheap sushi .
this location is way better than the townsquare location . friendly staff . and fast service .
enjoy !
love their happy hour .. servers are very courteous and nice .. ambiance is good .. will come back soon
great wings and beer here . pretzels kick butt . don't rely on reviews under 5 stars . great place .
i honestly had to write this review so everyone can know the truth ! this place is super bad ! ! !
great combos , good prices , friendly staff ! all around first class .
i'd row across lake ontario for these noodles . the spicy cucumbers might be worth the trip , too .
i love this place . great unpretentious neighbourhood bar with quality food and fine drinks .
this place is awesome in every way , gave us the most amazing wedding ever ! ! love them !
wasn't impressed . nothing special . tried the caprese salad and orange chicken salad .
the food was amazing and the kiddos loved it ! ! my favorite was the the house fried squid - trust me
swan was so patient with me and took her time to make sure i was satisfied ! thank you again
i love this place ! i feel very secure leaving my buddy with them . they love dogs and it shows !
we love eating breakfast here . it's a great value and the staff treats you like family .
dr lawyer and his staff are wonderful to work with . i felt like i was in good hands .
cheap mexican food that hits the spot ! try the tamales or chili relleno !
best place for cheap craps . the dealers are fun and friendly . drinks take a while to get .
tasty caramel almond milk latte . i really like that they put 2 shots in a small , nice and strong .
great food ! friendly staff ! thank you for a lovely dining experience !
nice dinner . parmesan chicken and a margarita . very good . excellent service .
very good service and good food ! definitely a fun place for mexican food .
the food is always great and so is the staff . definitely a must for fans of good bbq .
really ? an international airport and no lounge access for us flights leaving from terminal 3 ?
kate is amazing at laser . she gets the job done . lovely salon , always easy to make an appointment .
good indian food , decent prices , good service .
this place is awesome great fresh food . we ned 1 in phx az
just fair . inconsistent food , poorly trained staff and need to fully clean tables before seating .
great beer made on the premises . great atmosphere but can be noisy .
good subs , nice and quick service . love the ultimate porker
place is great , where you have to go for the best service in town , give them an opportunity
best pho ive had in toronto . nice location , very friendly staff , will be visiting here often .
good food , but worst service ever . they stole num $ from me . never come back here again
good coffee nice people ! great manager
cool little beer shop in noda . it's a solid bottle shop with a wide selection .
the best greek food i have had in las vegas in a long time . the falafel is my favorite .
perfect filet-steak with fries and a french onion soup as appetizer .
excellent breakfast place ! the huevos rancheros plate is the best .
amazing customer service . no wonder state farm recommended them . kevin did an awesome job .
my new favorite place to eat in az . the peach cobbler just tops it off !
die gute alte musik aus den num und voller laden wie frueher in der guten alten zeit .
go there for happy hour , chambord margs and green chile pork verde , all there appetizers are dope !
this place works for us , and our dog seems happy .
we really like this place ! i've never been a big sushi fan but the food here is great !
they always remember me and my boys & the boys love going there to get their hair cuts !
had better cupcakes from bi-lo
sage fried chicken and waffles . there is bacon inside the waffles . heart attack . i die .
i'm num mi away and the and the crybabies would not deliver to bad i went to firehouse sub instead
great food , just stopped by to try it . the pupusas are good . will definitely be back . great staff .
call for a reservation if u want a private table tho .
great breakfast place ! great service , food , and nice patio . try it ! you won't be sorry !
great service and great food . the only complaint is that the food i order came up to fast . :-)
3 days straight . can't get enough ! just the way i like my katsu . mmmm sooooooo goooood :)
the smoothies are always very delicious here ! very good customer service , especially from brandon !
megan is the most amazing therapist ! i love the ease and convenience of massage customs !
neighborhood driving range for everyone . it's close and clean , best time to learn how to play golf .
saw the smog special and couldn't beat the $ num price . very fast and friendly service .
very friendly place , and you cant beet the food and drink prices .
it was good . it just took a long time for a wednesday .
awesome sales rep latimer morez ! i highly recommend his services . you won't regret your decision .
it's a bar in caesars palace - opens late so handy for drinks ! not much else to say really !
relaxing , zen atmosphere . good energy . wonderfully attentive staff . and great tea to boot ! :)
this is the best barbershop i've been in since coming to vegas i will be repeat customer
eric did not steer us wrong with the lemon ricotta pancake and chilaquiles and eggs ! !
this was an amazing thai spot ... mild is pretty much no spice so go for the medium spice level
the medical treatment was good . but the service was awful . find another banfield .
i highly recommend the mac clinic . bob did a fantastic job getting my original mac num working .
my experience was fantastic . the staff was courteous and inviting . and the food was excellent
pop in here for lunch all the time . great food . pleasant service . would recommend .
no one cleaned our room . and it reeks like cigerate smoke . will never stay here again ! ! !
delicious . i had the turkey and rib combo it was absolutely the best bbq i have ever had !
wow . not good , i can't even come up with a better statement than that . the sushi wasn't fresh ...
i highly recommend lauralee she is amazing in person or over the phone . the best i have ever known .
clean , legit , talented artists , and my tattoo came out exactly how i wanted it to !
one of my favorite places in cave creek .
pharmacy was awesome - especially after i suffered through bad walgreen's and cvs experiences .
standard chinese food for a low price .
i like the variety of foods available bu the prices are painful .
pretty good spot for drink specials and to catch the game .. everybody nice there .. no complaints
i love this hotel .
this location is good . always like papa murphy's pizza
omg ! ! ! be sure to ask for a freshly made one if you want to experience korean climax .
very fast service and super nice people ! highly recommended . feeling my safer with my new tire
poor attitudes through out staff ... poor food ...
great stylist , they know their stuff . very affordable and stylist keep up with trends .
no more frownie ? ! frownie was why i went to king's ! guess i won't go to king's anymore :(
terrible service . coffee is good . bangles are ok . sitting awful . serious improvement necessary !
easy airport to get in / out of but car rental return needs help - many more signs are needed .
great restaurant for lunch . service is always friendly . fun atmosphere .
everything here is good . i love the barbeque sauce and the peach cobbler is to die for !
awesome pizza and atmosphere . love the customer focus !
they should increase the serving size for idli / vada sambhar .
some of the rooms are somewhat old , but a decent 3 *
would have never guessed . looked like a whole in the wall . food came out and it was bomb !
they might make more tips if they came out of the kitchen and actually waited on people . not happy
really good food ! ... nice vibe ... definitely going to be a regular ... prices reasonable
the guy who runs this place is a joke just like his food ...
great little pub that we stumbled on . loved the cheesy garlic bread and split pea soup .
one of the worst hotels on the strip . their staff at foxtail is horrible . won't be back
my new sandwich and hunger destroyer choice ! it is only five minutes from my apartment !
food was ok . not equal to its prices . service was almost non existent . would not go again .
i've been to nearly all the fox restaurants , and this one is my fav .
fast , fresh and fun ! ! ! burger was tastey , and the blueberry pie shake was top 4 all time shakes ! ! !
my car looks great !
i really enjoyed dinner , people were real nice , i look forward to going back soon !
the wife loves this place . service was excellent . drinks were great . very classy joint .
the green curry with chicken is a favorite !
love that this place practises what they preach . super friendly staff , people , beautiful vibes
for a dive bar it's 4 stars . they have num cent shots of beer .
maria is the best if you are new and need help ! so many cool old people !
best service & casual dining in the cosmo by far ! ! !
i love tech num ! mrs . debi and her team are awesome with the kids .
today my verde chicken burrito had several bones in it . not sure i want to take that risk again .
typical grocery store . not much to review . prices are good . location is good . covered parking
food is not fresh . teryaki doesn't taste good at all there are far better restaurants in the area
this place is consistently slowest and most disorganized restaurant that i've ever been to .
always consistent food . the waitresses are always friendly and right on top of things .
should be called mouthgasm on montford . thats all i got .
my favourite burrito in town , spend the extra for the halibut .
carl's jr . is comfort food from my childhood , and i'll always eat there when i can .
you must try this place , phenomenal greek food - fresh & healthy . huge portions and great prices .
very affordable and tasty in a diner type atmosphere . very friendly people .
great pizza . really good . please patronize so we can have great places in our neighborhood !
fuk with this place . kawaii atmosphere where there is kpop . good food too and cheap . - rep jnham fam
best nihari i ever had.very clean place and good service.friendly owner.good location .
service was great but the food was not amazing ... definitely not as good as other denny's
awesome ! good collection of cars , great service , overall a good deal !
holiday nails at shayna's ,
food was amazing i loved the chilaquiles and i really recommend the posole whoever makes
the chorizo and potato nachos were really good ! i would come here again just for happy hour .
ehhhhhhhh plain much ? ? ? service is good ... food is blaaaaaaah . check out my delicious side salad
nice place ! very good bottle service and hot girls ! ! !
great atmosphere for day drinking . feels like nashville in cleveland . rooftop bar gets full early .
we ordered fried calamari , shrimp , toasted mushroom and seafood rice . can't be better !
great food and service ! ! ! our server sean was awesome ! thanks again for everything sean !
the best food around . excellent service and must try the monkey bread with pecans .
wer keinen bock auf theo hat ist hier genau richtig !
love this place ! not the most authentic or delicate of ramens but perfect comfort food !
excellent breakfast . fresh & creative and priced right . will be back soon .
don't bother-really bad service-really bad food-wobbly chairs-wobbly tables-why is this place open ?
the red velvet pancakes are so so delicious ! wish there was a babystacks at home :)
i had the albo's special and philly cheesesteak , both were delicious . good food for a good price .
no problems but very pricy . i doubt that we will go back .
we met with former colleagues for breakfast . service was not very attentive and slow . food was ok .
one of the best in las vegas
terrific food , friendly owners . i think lunch here sealed the deal for my son to attend pitt .
place looks great and has lots of really good flavor juices , they even have a shuffleboard !
bad service got my lunch for free soup was cold waited num mins for a turkey sandwhich .
good prices and service but great for breakfast too ! new menu has some good additions .
awesome food ! had " naked chicken burrito " .. pretty good . also good staff and service .
dr . karen jones-brown is awesome ! takes her time to explain and educate on the eye exam process .
crap mens section , crap quality , crap staff , and no toilet unless your disabled , pathetic store
amy and tommy do my acrylic gel nails here ! they are great and my nails always look perfect !
awesome staff . amazing beer . delicious food . free beer club . what more is there to say ?
just had the timing belt kit installed on my jetta tdi . great service and terrific price !
like this place . traditional , high quality . wish they had breakfast . great location , not busy
best tomato bisque and grilled cheese ever !
amazing happy hour ! ! ! great food every single time and excellent staff ! love it .
super cute hotel , and the service was above what i even expected . i will definitely be back ! !
great prices and great food ! place was packed ! ! ! the wait for our order wasn't bad at all ! !
empty stomach + pastrami melt po boy = full stomach = nap time .
wonderful breakfast and coffee ! staff was so friendly and atmosphere was very inviting
i still love this place so much ! go ! ! !
the service was very poor and extremely slow . i would not recommend honey salt to friends .
best pizza in cu . white pizza is excellent . they do have odd closings at times .
excellent food , came on valentine's day . not cheap however , drinks were good .
i went on the recommendation of a friend and loved it . very nice and did a great job on my nails
horrible in every way . the finance manager is a typical slimey salesman you see on tv . what a jerk .
i'm waiting for a problem of pipelines and called 5 times without answer ! very bad service
i love this texas road house because the food and service is amazing every time i am there
a favorite in toronto . entertaining atmosphere and wonderful food .
an hour and a half wait for a state inspection with an appointment ?
new lunch spot ! great greek wrap and pasta salad !
i'll drink five bottles .
went there for sunday brunch . amazing pollo and asparagus crepe . the best brunch i've had
stay clear of this gang . had to hire someone to clean up their mess . can i give them a zero ?
it is ok to eat there , if u around the restaurant.but it doesn't deserve 5 star rating .
great acrobatics . the baby act wasn't really funny and not sure why it's part of the gig .
first time try the five styles tartare . that's a good beginning and it leaves me a nice memory !
am from texas where the mecican is great this restaurant is just as good as the food from texas
walked in . no motion at all by staff to greet , interact , ? ? ? , profit . walked right back out .
great carne assad tacos an salad bread not warm an salsa no traditional but over all great service
i have a slice every time im in the cosmo ! ! !
i love the " all you can eat " option and that it applies to practically everything on the menu .
got a new truck and sat with jim while he updated my insurance . took no time at all . hes great !
friendly people . the head chef is the best .
good steak , good portions , good option for vegas .
mediocre . don't understand the hype . the only thing worthwhile were the half priced margaritas .
what i think about yuzu is what you think about when you hear blink num what's my age again .
we have been going here for years ! love the breakfast burros ! ! ! awesome food , and great service .
always good but i just burned my tongue on their feta wrap . watch out ... doh !
any restaurant that pads the tip deserves a low rating !
a great and convenient place for any time of the day . after midnight , they have great specials !
pricey but good ! you pay for quality ! if i'm consuming something i'll pay the extra $ $ for it
diamond ice is my favorite at this place ! a nice refreshing dessert and isn't super sweet . love it !
samuel adams utopia @ $ num for an ounce and a hall .
pretty decent greasy pies late nite delivery . you can't beat it ... yelp here we go
place is boss .. might need a doggie bag . this is a solid num .
ehhh employees need to pretend they enjoy to work
great food , a little expensive . smoked beans = awesome . big hog = awesome . smoked meat brisket = ok
subs are ok . the service can be better . i like alecsi better ,
omg i got the seafood pasta on the red wine sauce it was amazing
been here twice poor service and the food it's always old tasting . probably the worst chili's ever .
great pastries , service , and prices . amazing freshness , the pies and pastries were worth the trip !
good pad thai , good sized servings . this is my favorite thai spot in the area .
best veal chop i've ever had . service is one of a kind ! expensive but totally worth every penny .
great dim sum place in brampton .
love the selection of glasses and the great care by dr . lam .
wild red flight with cheese ! try it . helpful staff , very friendly , especially todd and drew .
the patron margarita slushy is amazing ! ! ! half way thru and i was gone ! definitely worth the $ num !
i love this salon . tony and his staff are incredible ! love what they do with my hair !
pricy ok-tasting food . not really worth the cost . better thai places in cle for sure !
fair , helpful , knowledgeable , courteous , prompt ; recommended !
i usually order the tofu dessert !
great food , atmosphere , and good service . awesome take on southern classics and stepping them up .
great food , service , and atmosphere . great place to go for an affordable meal off the strip .
great food . good portions . a little pricey but good quality food and friendly staff .
food was great and the service wass out of this world . well worth the visit .
good food , i like the rolls available accompanied with salmon bowl . good lunch options .
best in town n i have been coming here for long time .
nice to have good croatian food ! had the pljeskavica and it remains my favourite .
we did this for a team building exercise . it was lots of fun , and i definitely recommend for all .
good food nvservice here ! medium range menu prices , could be better ! we may try it again .
mango and dreams ! ! best shake out here , other than the harlem !
gross place , not attractive girls . wouldn't visit again .
worst service i've ever had . margarita seemed to have zero tequila in it . food was very mediocre .
delicious food , fantastic service and great prices ! !
charlie's did a great job for me on a warranty claim with oreilys auto parts . thanks guys !
every time i visit vegas i always make time to come here . i've never been disappointed .
awesome pricing , and an amazing inventory of granite and travertine ... highest quality of service !
very friendly staff . they did a great job with my dental work . brian t .
amazing ! ! the food and the service were fantastic . the italian birthday cake was to die for !
my family liked their meal . especially , the rip-eye steak was better .
nice spin on cowfish . simpler menu , faster seating , and similarly tasty .
california club is the bomb dot com ! ! ! no substitutions needed ! !
overcooked chicken with no flavor , but it's fast food so what do you expect ?
order take out here on a pretty constant basis . great pad thai and thai teas . great prices too .
great place to go for a club scene . the wynn / encore is my favorite casino .
this is a chain but great authentic mexican restaurant . everything i've tried was delicious .
service was good and the price was right . susie at customer service was right on .
diabolical . the worst food , the worst service experienced in vegas .
you gotta love the lizard ! great food , great beer selections , something for everyone !
best vv out there ! ! ! those italians sure do return some sexy clothes .
hands down the best indian buffet i've ever been to ! we definitely eat here at least once a week .
we love the food remain us of boa vista . please if you want real brazilian food try this place .
really great variety of unique meats and those fries are to die for !
we stopped in for pie ! large selection with mile high meringue ! service with a smile .
best duck noodle soup in town at the cafe / coffee shop !
they have the coolest shrimp , great knowledgeable people , all around great experience !
cool diner , poutine is good but shredded cheese and white gravy is very non traditional .
simple to drive through and friendly personal . personal explained the cleaning options fully .
multiple cockroaches found at my booth ... the small german brown kind . never again .
food and service is amazing ! period ! the fajitas - ' d the crab and shrimp dip is off the charts !
this place is awesome ! has everything you could want and cheap ... love the game play rental area ! !
best kabob in henderson . i will be back for sure . the staff if very friendly as well .
yum ! the staff is super friendly & helpful , which makes the fantastic products even better !
ate the breakfast buffet 2 mornings . food and service was very good . would definitely go back .
the food doesn't taste like chinese at all , no flavor , just tasteless , first and last time here
thank you lasset ! i love my new lashes . very relaxing experience . great customer service .
great food . grumpy staff . cappuccino is hit and miss .
comfort masters has been great for us . we love having them come by to check our systems out .
good place . bad neighborhood lot of ghetto people . alot of people outside asking for dollar .
we ordered for lunch . great cheese steak sandwich at decent price . large selection of other food .
el norteno is still as good as it gets i tell you .
it was whatevers .
best happy hour in town by far ! ! ! definitely sit in the bar / lounge area .
late night stop for some hookah coals . awesome service . definitely will come back here .
amazing food , a lot better than some of the other more hyped afghani restaurants in gta !
great color choices and big comfy chairs . plus wine ! ! this place is clean and spacious .
not warm , disappointed , not impressed . slow service , slower food , not flavorful . rude server
super family friendly - great local business . they also sell local milk from damzizan dairy
the baby back ribs were really good along with all of the sides . nice portions on the sides .
coffee was ok . looks like a starbucks but just uses their product stars awarded .
this place is amazing ! laura is so sweet and made me feel so comfortable . and my tan is gorgeous !
it's kfc . if you need to read a review , you haven't lived in this country very long :-p
very good and interesting food . not typical sushi . but great new types of food to try .
low prices on craft beer , large booths and kid friendly before num m . happy hour starts at num
i love how their server's personalities are consistent . they really like to connect . :)
fantastic sliders . my daughter loved it . the twins are cool and friendly :-)
excellent pizza , great calzones . delivery is a little slow but worth the wait !
i'm a californian and this place is equivalent to boiling crab . highly recommend !
this place bases it's success on good quality food and fast service . that's all i really want .
definitely for foodies ! excellent drinks and tacos . the brussel sprout nachos shouldn't be missed
great place . just celebrated my daughter's senior commenement with family .
excellent dental care and a true gentleman .
this place is amazing . staff , menu , service , ambiance , all wonderful . cant wait to go back .
great pizzas and good selection of beer . i always try to eat here while staying at venetian .
great food , generous portion and delicious , the service was great too , will definitely come back :)
onoki has left the building ! shut down .
forget starbucks . this place blows it away .
loved the food here . probably the best mexican food i've had in a long time .
our waitress claire was the most wonderful
idk why but the place did not serve fries and also there were no milkshakes only electronics
excellent indian cuisine ! ask for mario too - he is charming knowledgeable and a delight !
way too expensive . just to sit down it cost num . the six week program cost num .
i loved this place . easily the best gyro i've had in america .
so yummy ! just left happy hour and wish i had more time ! drinks and food are on point !
their burger with the egg on it is ridiculous . in the best way possible .
service and out of crispy chicken at num pm and grease . will go to the othe chicken place .
favorite pizza spot in charlotte but it is pricey
best all you can eat sushi ever ! been coming for years , always fresh sushi and all around good
breakfast was great - simple casual space with good honest food with nice twists and flavors .
chandler dental excellence is by far the best in arizona , karen & dr . taylor did an amazing job
fast and efficient remote support . thank you dave ! !
really nice jumping point for a good night in phoenix . crab cake sandwich was great !
everyone is great here and very helpful understanding my new eye insurance . thank you !
must dine here . amazing food . menu changes daily ! use yelp check in for 2 free corkage fees
giant inflatable hamster balls . the owner is a super nice guy , a great place to have fun !
did a fantastic job on everything even a num year old cashmere jacket
go here for good doctors . be prepared for rudeness and impatience from administrative staff .
the owner is very friendly , the food and atmosphere were very authentic ! highly recommended
ordered goat biryani and gongura chicken biryani . they are very delicious and service is very good
i have been going to this jiffy lube for years . the guys are all honest , helpful and courteous !
amazing house made sausage and caramelized onions pizza - get it with the buffalo mozzarella .
amazing pitcher of top shelf margaritas at a fabulous price !
everytime i come to dutch , everyone is super sweet and funny and the coffee is pretty good too
always a good day at the theatres , comfy seats , great snacks always our go to theatre .
super delicious . i had the 5 rolled taquitos with lettuce , guacamole , sour cream and cheese .
best show i have ever seen . a must see for mike jackson fans .
very friendly and professional staff , always great service . my two little girls love the play area .
very friendly ladies , did a great job on my mani-pedi , and they're open until num num !
small resto with great food good service and reasonable price ginseng chicken soup must try !
expect to spend about $ num per person . nice food . filling . great price .
fabulous service tonight and it was crowded !
pet friendly , great outdoor seating area , fun staff , delicious food ! ! will come back !
came in for some late night food and was not disappointed ! love the supreme asada quesadilla !
amazing , authentic thai food . their spice scale is strong , so order less if you are not sure .
fun to do it once , but too much to do it a num time . so if you jump buy the photo package .
yum yum yum ! ! ! love this place ! ! great place to hang out and have a coffee and a doughnut !
phenomenal service , food , and drinks . we went for dinner and brunch and they didn't disappoint .
really good pizza and outside seating . ask for the secret menu . you won't be disappointed ! !
the food is soooooooooooo good here . wow . one of the best places i have ever eaten at ...
bomb pizza . num bucks for a medium fed 4 people . margaritas $ num with different flavor options .
well all walgreens are essentially the same . pharmacy team is great and fast !
cool vibe . good beers and they're $ 5 . you can order out from a few of the other places in the area .
id like more sales on a long weekend . been going here for years it could be better on the deals
closed , tax man came and shut it down .
i'm planning a trip to vegas soon . i'll come if ryan cooks my food ! ! ! loved her on hell's kitchen
the pizza dough is to die for ! ! ! i will definitely be back !
really excellent pizza and a great fun friendly environment ! the wings were delicious too .
don't be in a hurry when you go here ! cause the workiers are in no rush to get to you !
a lot of excellent dishes to choose from . definitely a place to bring your friends and family .
this is some of the best pizza i've ever had in my life . unbelievably delicious !
crappy credit and i got financed they can do it for you and at a great rate i mean really great
fu spirit i never gonna use u guys again u guys fucking horrible never going to use them again
very good food , warm atmosphere . need a better beer selection however .
celebrating jaila's first day of pre-k ... not too busy and amazing service today !
mahi mahi and baja ftw ! and their daily fresh juice is the killer . you can't go wrong with it !
our other favorites in the city are japango , asuka and omi
super slow hostess with empty tables . probably not a good idea for lunch . or parties more than 4 .
k
food is awesome ! renovation looks very cool . we eat there frequently . great for kids too .
go bucco's ! ownership sucks ! ! !
best burgers in the concordia ghetto . the selection of cheeses and sauces is second to none !
the meat department is terrible - expensive , very poorly cut , and a limited selection .
nice place . people were friendly . if your on a budget this place will do just fine .
we have taken both our dog and cat here numerous times and have always had a positive experience .
very satisfied with my order , delivery and customer service . great job , and i will tell my friends .
this place is great asian fusion but the line to get in is too long and they only take cash . :(
pizza fries are a must . the pizza slices are huge as fuck . good service and good drink specials .
great food and service and the talent is also extraordinary . consistently top notch food .
this is the worst place ever don't ever use this place ... stay away ! ! ! very unprofessional
subpar sushi , not memorable sashimi , awful service .
this was my first time massage , excellent work and great customer service . highly recommend .
thanks mandalay bay for an amazing staycation ! had a great time , will definitely be back !
i'm not sure what it is but their tacos are out of this world . everything is packed with flavour !
cheap and good food ! they need to come to asu more often .
mmmmm . their egg drop soup is sooo good as is the general tso's , and they deliver fast !
service is impeccable , food awesome , and the atmosphere delightful a must for the family and kids .
i do like this place ! ! ! only thing is sometimes its abit salty but wow is it good ~
the vogue vulture ( scotch based ) is fabulous sipper . andrew is a great bartender ! !
great place . perfect service . can't wait to go back . pasta salad was delish .
the valley of the sunnyside omelette with a side of chicken was amazing ! definitely recommend it !
trendy taco shop in old town scottsdale with good menu .
this place has gone downhill . overpriced food and careless staff . there are many better options .
paul does excellent work and takes pride in the details ! i would highly recommend him !
just like i remember about a year ago ... bbq b bangin ...
the ra in kierland has one of my favorite patios in az . awesome happy hour .
decent pricing after 4 pm . good quality overall . they stepped it up a bit . i'd recommend .
less crowd . good for a quick shopping . i like the quad place . it has few but all necessary outlets .
good home fatting food . leave with your belly full . staff friendly enough .
cornell knows his audio . fixed my sansui amp a couple of times . this is the place to go .
very god spot and friendly service benedict is good my favorite local spot good patio
beef tacos a + . i love this place when i'm looking for some quick , awesome mexican food .
who owns this place the nasty boys ? wack !
great people and great cigars ! stop in and have and enjoy a smoke in the relaxed lounge area .
best italian food i've ever had . service was excellent . it's a must if you are in little italy .
great sandwiches . fast ... really fast service . fast delivery . good prices .
amazing quality food , such a fun experience with very genuine service . would easily do it again !
great service , this is my usual go to spot for a quick haircut .
2 dollar you call it sundays , karaoke with hot carl , awesome staff , great bar to rage at
great food . great service . best place to eat if you are in scottsdale area . food taste amazing .
taco head catered a party i attended , and the food was so good that i took a plate to go !
meh . . . we ate there this afternoon , pretty average stuff in my opinion .
enjoyed flying over the spectacular grand canyon with joshua our fantastic pilot .
can't bring myself to write anything else cos it wouldn't make it justice . :)
really good food ! try the pollo tequila ! so good ! ! service us good ! definitely will come back !
$ 3 craps tables on a friday night . enough said
meg in the bar rules she is why we would return burger and beers were amazing
the food was mediocre , service was not good . go to the dhaba instead . you'll be happy .
had a mole removed over a month ago and have yet to hear from them with the results .
great food . try the street tacos . great deck in the spring and summer
not so fulling for the price but good quality
small club . only nice part is the waterfall . wouldn't be my first choice to party here .
their ice cream is excellent and the people who work here are really nice . fun summer spot .
great customer service from one of their employees . food was warm and so delicious . yummy yummy .
nette kneipe mit guter musik . niemals langweilig und freundlicher bedienung .
where you come for the smoke , vape and gear in the neighborhood ! great selection . check them out .
love this place . romantic atmosphere , nice music , good food . perfect for a nice date !
i love this place . especially the red dragon roll . i can't speak for the other food , but good sushi
was it the best ? no . but was it great for the price ? hell yeah ! ! we will stay there again .
hooray for fiber .
great takeout option ! the harrison and calamar are particularly delicious !
too much stress today in this place . take-out took more than num minutes
there food is so good and that ora is the bomb . com love the service they give you too
amazing butter chicken and excellent customer service . period .
delicious pizza ! great location . the pizza with honey on it was fantastic . highly recommend .
excellent breakfast , good quiche , decent baked goods , yucky bread .
chat is very good . try samosa and bada pav .
probably the best ramen i've ever had . portion sizes are pretty good too !
great concept ... its just tough to maneuver when your in such a tight space .
excellent huge buffet , will be going back for sure ! ! !
horrible service - waiters stand in the corner and chat rather than refill drinks .
zeb puddy was very helpful , highly recommend as sales person .
awesome food , great service and the bartender was a browns fan . doesn't get much better than that
hmmm . puma and vans ! ... what can i say imma shoe freak !
cold ( brrr ) and expensive . we liked the mannequin in the front of the bar the best .
served in mini dishes and totally worth the $ $ ! unique , high quality foods !
had lamb kabaab , kadhai chicken . both are very tasty ... ! remembered hyderabadi spicy food !
the wait staff was fantastic , good sunday specials , loved the atmosphere . definitely recommend !
toppings do not taste fresh . crust is very dry and way too thick . the pizza overall tastes bland .
i love this place , they were great to work with and made my buying process as easy as possible
still the same crappy , zero service ! ca someone say train wreck ? maybe it's time to retool fellas .
ac is a bit too strong but nice atmosphere . their lamb kebab and hand rolls r my fav .
i cannot speak highly enough of their customer service . best i've ever seen .
place is amazing ! pierogis are delicious ! staff is awesome ! ! i love the atmosphere ! a must try !
best pedicure in town , i suffer from ingrown toe nails and they do the best at removing them !
i love this place . amazing food always great service . shout out to nica she was great tonight .
had a festive dinner . beef wellington was fantastic .
the korean tacos are not half bad , and the kid really likes the burgers .
this is an old hell's angel bar ... it's a perfect dive bar ! cheap ! !
lynn is phenomenal and her customer service is amazing ! wonderful facilities as well .
reminds me of la korea town .
fresh every time i order . fast friendly service . here's another first for me cajun chicken
awesome place and friendly staff . they fixed both my iphones quick and at a great price .
corn flakes burger undoubtedly amazing ( also featured in diner drive ins )
make sure to get the mango lassi .
must start with garlic knots ! all the pastas are amazing ! penne al pollo is definitely a must try .
food is always good . never packed when we go there , which is fine by me ! truly a secret gem ! !
i got pretty sick after eating here this past weekend ... it was bad . yuck
my goto spot for a decent cigar . great staff . too bad about being closed on the weekend .
this place is adorable ! you can order coffees to go and take out orders or you can eat there .
very disappointed . expensive and portion have no veggies . was just plain sauce . skip
a little $ $ but love the option to get hot breakfast for takeaway . love the egg white sandwich .
i can honestly say that the food is paradise on your palate ! love . love . love . this place
great deep dish pizza for the price . have always relieved good service from this location .
great food , great service , and family friendly . thank you for the great experience roslin .
they've lied to us people ... i don't know how they were able to make a movie about it .
seriously tasty crepes ! breakfast and lunch crepes were tasty and produce was fresh and delightful
food was average during dinner time . soup was very spicy even after reminding the staff twice .
i love frys !
i just had the best food . the bananas foster is the best i have ever had . the chef aims to please .
andrea the bartender is the best ! she is fast , efficient , funny , and always smiling ! ! !
melt . in . your . mouth . delicious . taco . porn .
so glad my vet suggested this terrific groomer ! thx angela !
typical burger king , i usually only go for breakfast sandwiches if i'm running late to work .
very shady . double charged my card . i would highly suggest using another service .
great juices and lunches ! i'm not in the area often but would go out of my way just to come back !
had wonderful dinner tonight , service was wonderful , over all great time had by all
slow ass service . they also suck at greeting too . get more employees and a manager who cares .
dan tinted the windows on my num today . looks great and super nice guy . would highly recommend .
jasmin is great ! she gave us a thorough tour of the facility and answered all of our questions .
try the cheese curds and the sea salt and caramel gelato . one of our new favorite spots !
pretty wide magazine selection given its smallish size though .
best fish tacos and best service ! we love half moon !
breathtaking view of the vegas strip ! a must see . dim , intimate lounge setting inside .
great starter salad and every roll we ordered was amazing ! absolutely recommend it !
great thai place . good food , expansive menu .
great place to be and it feels like home . i loved it and i highly recommend . finger licking
best pizza in the area ! not overcooked , done just right . the service there is also great .
first time here , excellent service with friendly employees .. love their rib eye tacos :)
had to fix two watch bands . fast service with a smile at reasonable price . thanks sarkis .
great ride with brian ! professional and friendly , highly recommend you ride with them .
standard generic sports pub . family friendly which is nice . good beer selection and specials !
i believe bachannel buffet is one of the best buffets in vegas ! excellent food and great drinks .
filthy ! old carpet , crt monitors ( still ) , overflowing trashcans .
small airport with free coffee . perfect for going to montreal .
one of my favorite breakfast / brunch places in town . hands down the best potatoes ever !
chips and salsa was great ! margaritas were good too ! ! our bartender asa was fantastic ! ! !
best place in vegas ! food is great - beers are cheap ! i go every time i am in vegas !
definately worth the visit . the next best thing to grilling in my backyard !
i can find better shoes at off broadway for the similar prices .
best cocktails of our 5 day stay in vegas . food excellent , even the young adult women loved it .
good service , clean eating environment , delicious burgers . garlic flavored fries are yummy .
been coming here for years and never disappoints . shrimp pakoras are awesome !
best cornbeef in akron , and i love the fish and chips , , great place
food is always good and hot . prompt service and very courteous service , especially dominica !
best vapor shop in las vegas ... scarlett so hot when she blows smoke . l .
very good . cheap . will definitely go back .
was a wednesday night , got sat within seconds . just went for dessert . tiramisu ... bomb .
num bucks for a salad that i could've done at home . plus no flavor . i'm deff not going back .
awesome prime rib . great place to eat . fun servers .
adorable ice cream and icee shop , lots of flavors and great decorations . with the trip !
delicious , cheap , no frills burgers . nice family that runs the place .
bonus its its open late .
one of the tim horton's i like the most . friendly staff . pretty good seating space .
this is one of the best lunch places around . healthy , inexpensive , really flavorful food .
bun bo hue and cafe sua da fan ! ! !
so seeing the manager talk about the restaurant is this authentic mexican food because she isn't !
this is now called pho bamboo , i'm not sure if it new ownership or an entirely new place ...
too slow - drive to another one . they were out of four items we ordered . this one needs new mgmt
very good cakes . i little pricing for the quality of work and size .
aaron is the man he hooked us up didn't even feel the needle ... can't wait to feel the effects
hard to use online access . terrible phone customer service . poor value for the money .
best burgers ever - - - fries are so so ( greasy / soggy ) and too much . convenient , clean and fast .
very nice and cozy place to hang out with your friends , delicious coffee n tasty tea ! !
nice place and super happy with my full set and pedicure ! i think i found my go to spot !
jamie is awesome ! ! best haircuts and color in town ! ! best location and a very relaxing environment .
this little gem of a place has delicious food and good service . i will be returning .
the food was nice . the service was okay . the prices are reasonable .
good and fast service . favorite sandwich place i love the chicken steak . staff is always nice !
the most amazing and original shepherds pie i have ever had ! fantastic gem of a restaurant !
like the vibe at this cafe and the staff were nice !
i love this company . my dog has had a lot of issues and they have been " great " to work with .
i went for a gel manicure and they did a great job . no wait time and staff was friendly .
great service and atmosphere . food was very good as all the combinations worked ! we will be back .
the california bowls are lit . literally the best rubios ever . num would eat again
best burger of the week ! ! ! great drink ! ! truffle fries are out of this world ( feeds 4 )
good food . close to my house . nice staff . great mozzarella sticks . lights and great environment .
small place but worth every bite . great service and friendly staff . can't wait to visit again
this place is a go to place for me . i like their kabab and rice . lean snd tidy place .
definitely skilled workers and wonderful design from japan and korea . just pricy but worth it !
absolutely an amazing shop . alan was awesome and got my fucked up hair looking good again .
yum yum yum ! ! ! juicy , tender prime rib with all the horseradish you need . enough said ! ! !
lots of hoppy ipa type of beers , friendly staff cool concept and always a different food truck
great sandwiches and deli selection , friendly employees .
new owner at jamie nails & spa , now is nails by cindy
carmine is he best , reported within minutes , kind and professional . will only do business with # 1 !
great place . had the brisket and really liked it . enjoyed sitting outside people watching .
friendly and welcoming staff , the best takeout food , pastries and freshly squeezed fruit juices .
good food d prices but not to hefty om the portions
chicago , il . num
brought the royal paan in the arse here for royal falooda ... too easy ? i agree .
we ordered their lunch special and laura did a great job ! yummy with extra care .
we love the pad thai chicken and jungle curry . 5 star takeout .
good selection , fair prices , a little bit small , but then again all these shops tend to be .
the best vietnamese , thai , cantonese food in brampton city .
always made fresh . husband loves this place . i prefer mango chicken but this place is really good .
come for the beer and girls delivering it but skip the food ...
i love this place . go here !
great therapeutic massage . affordable and clean environment . professional knowledgeable staff .
slammed on their opening day and they nailed it ! great beer , terrific atmosphere . excellent staff .
great pace to relax on lunch break and snatch up some wifi on a couch !
i love this place ! one of the best in town and you really do get more than what you paid for ! :)
fantastic service ! good food , nice beer selection . enjoyed the ambiance . will be back
amazing . kandy is the edward scissorhands of hair . salon is beautiful and your hair will be also .
wildcat chick'wich is the greatest ! ! if you like blue cheese and apple slaw don't pass this up !
waited num minutes at the table without even offered water and it was not busy . ended up leaving
thank god this place is num hours ! its treats my hangover no matter what time it is ! !
love everythng we ever order here ! wait staff is great ! a true family gem !
best korean bbq i have had in vegas . the meat is very flavorful . i highly recommend this place .
great service and care . thank you
the space is cute and super clean . lynn is fantastic .
large portions , low prices , and speedy service . oh , and there's tina
best pie in the valley . from the crust to the sauce to the cheese . hands down , best in town .
best marinara sauce ever and the food portion is a lot as well ! hidden gem on tropicana for real .
the pesto pizza was awesome ! service was great ! very busy but short wait . wait time was accurate .
yessss ! mayer hawthorne show during new years ftw !
soo good , get the turkey sub / w cranberry . wow !
very friendly staff and nicely kept facility !
the rolls were old and mushy . everything else was below average . the wasabi was like play dough .
yum ! a great way to recharge after hiking ! don't forget to try their spicy jack quesadillas !
always well kept and clean during the num ' s games . staff is normally very polite . great atmosphere !
bleh . meh . pff . overpriced low-quality diner food . think denny's quality with a num % markup .
cool spot to chill !
bathrooms are always clean and frozen drinks are usually ready to go . thanks for your store layout .
all their pancakes are awesome and the kalua pig / grilled cheese sandwich is bomb too !
pinto is the best barkeep around . drinks are so so yummy and he understands gluten free . the best .
lisa is the best , she always have the best ideas on colors & designs ! ! ! i love my shiny nails ! ! !
the best ! ! ! very good customer service and great buys and sale prices too ! my favorite store ! ! !
great quality and very authentic gelato ! i had espresso and nutella flavors !
great atomosphere . fun place to bring the family and friends and have a great time .
love this sushi bar ! wonderful fresh seafood selections ! awesome service !
loved it . went for restaurant week ... you received a full portion not just a taste . great place !
love the atmosphere . staff was great . food / flavors exceptional ! pricey but a lot of food .
just bought some workout drinks here . mark was working and he was awesome . thanks mark ! !
the only place i can get my kids to be quiet for 5 min ! brisket is good mmmmmk !
ok for what we paid $ num per night . clean and nice but far from the strip
best pizza in the whole world . no joke . try it . really ... i have had hundreds of pizza .
good for a quick lunch . food is a bit on the greasy side , but it is tasty and cheap !
$ num for a bud light ! ! ! good time though , with good music , beautiful women , and great bartenders .
upfront and straightforward about everything . one of the better nissan dealerships in vegas .
the noodle was just okay but expansive .
excellent service , food was delicious ! i especially liked the ambiance of the restaurant .
delicious food , a special occasion restaurant for sure !
i love it here . both the sushi and service is great ! i definitely recommend it . check them out ! ! !
very reasonable vaccines ( $ num each ! ) , thorough checkup for our new frenchie .
nice ambiance . food was tasty and abundant : bun tom thit nuong , morning glory , beef combo pho .
step back in time at durant's . great steaks & great environment . service was stellar .
horrible service . mismanaged , unapologetic and unprofessional . do not expect a nice time .
good pho tai ! the staff is very nice and would happy answers questions to help the novice .
fun place to bring a kid . they have a petting zoo and lots of treats .
the carne asada dona machi and cahuamanta sting ray soup is the best you must try
really nice people and superb coffee . limited seating and can get super crowded .
love this shawarma it was so good and delicious food will tell all my friends about this place .
delicious tortas . wonderful food and great customer service . so happy that we found this place .
some of the best deep dish pizza ! the wings are great too . tip . go early they open at num
food is awful . taste like commissary prepared . pass this place up .
amazing food , so fresh so tasty , lovely service always count on quality food for great prices !
had an awesome time at sugar factory . goblets are amazing and the food was fantastic too !
what a great night ! ! they keep our group together and we had a blast . thanks again guys ! !
wow a very excellent eclectic blend of flavors . terrific service and ample menu choices .
great spot ! will definitely be coming back ! ! food is delicious and healthy - the best combo !
great attentive service , perfect pour on the guinness , awesome sticky toffee pudding .
quaint little place pretty good food . sometimes i feel like the owner can be borderline rude .
food was really good .. but even better the staff was polite and smiled . i like that .
the salon is under new management and the services are great ! totally recommending it !
food is so good . service is awesome
attentive service , unusual tower for storing wine . salmon was presented well .
fantastic food , quick service . the soup bowls are deceptively filling
room had bed bugs , dealers and pit bosses i think live in the weekly budget suites across street
best wishes !
i've dined in and ordered delivery several times . always good ! and delivery always comes early :)
wow ! ! ! these are by far the best wings i've ever had in pittsburgh ! ! awesome service too !
amazing down home cooking ! ! great coffee and friendly service-def a new hangout spot
happy this place is located on the west side of the city !
best mac and cheese , as well as chicken pot pie
love the decor great food . great happy hour . friendly service . winning .. ! ! !
bartenders are friendly funny and awesome ! 2 small tvs in the bar only . happy hour is a steal ! !
yummy ! i only had the tacos , but they are great . def . coming back and bringing friends .
excellent hotel ! you really feel like you are in new york city when you are in the hotel !
laura was very professional and helpful . the end result was excellent . i will be back !
weird smell when we entered , not a lot of flavour and so so service . doubt i'll be back .
very bad place to eat . charge you $ 2 extra dollars for split a food , . bs . never again .
delicious , up scale pizza . not a good place for young kids . lovely patio .
their chicken tikka masala and the lamb byriani were very good and so were the portions .
cleaning was just ok . scheduling is ridiculous and don't be dumb like i was and buy a package !
great bread and service ~ ! i love the flavors and freshness offered for their breads !
everyone was so nice ! ! ! and helpful . definitely going back next time i'm on this side of town .
this was my first time being here so i don't know a lot about the menu , however , one bagel sold me .
one of the best outdoor atmosphere in north phoenix . good food and great music . i will be back !
klein und fein ! sehr guter und moderner italiener mit eigener note ...
service is great ! food is delicious . atmosphere is a bit loud due to the open area seating .
someone told us this was for kids but it definitely wasn't i literally was so scared i peed myself
really pricy , and parking spot is kind hard to find . food is fare , a bit over price .
dirty . broken elevators . smokiest casino and rooms on the strip . would not stay here again .
i've had numerous positive experiences here . i love diana the groomer . i highly recommend her .
bad service , the worst naan i've ever had ( hard , cold , rubbery ) ... overall unpleasant experience .
nice selection of on premises brewed beer and a good menu with a broad selection of choices .
outstanding work and job done in a timely manner
really great sushi , and good malaysian food too .
arcade games are awesome . more club scene then a bar scene in my opinion though . still great !
fantastic spot - great quality coffee , yummy small eats , and cool hipster vibe . highly recommend !
i'm in love with sushi twister , very clean and polite staff ... and the red dragon is a must try !
excellent thai - love the signature dishes and thai iced tea .
good price on a new battery with free installation . jamie provided outstanding customer service .
awesome dishes ! have the club bao you will not be dissapointed
pizza cold all toppings fell of and salad came with a breadstick bowl . not a good take out place
holy crap ... just went again and realized beers were $ num . is it possible to rate a place num stars ?
ok been to better spots of there's but still one of the best cafes too get a great quick bite
a bit pricey , but was really impressed with the quality ( especially for a place in oakland ) .
old . dingy . bring on the consol energy center . go pens !
nor really a dog park . nothing to play with the dog and not fenced .. no access to the water front .
solid chinese comfort food to save you from all the vegas craziness . very thankful this is here .
best french dip ever . seriously . ribs awesome as are stringy fries . pricey but great on occasion .
the brooklyn hero was amazing ! the house salad dressing was excellent and service was great .
good greek food . good souvlaki and gyros . good but a bit heavy .
cant go wrong with this place , very creative menu and super delicious .
great place ! food is amazing . i had the porc scallop and i didn't expect it to be as good !
love the french dip sandwich and the asian chicken salad . yum . service was good . we will come back .
friendly baristas and strong drinks . the inside of this starbucks was kind of dirty .
fish tacos were delicious .
my partner's favorite mocha . one of my favorites . gets very crowded , but good place to go to .
huge patio , beautiful shopping center , all nc brick , attached to harris teeter
literally the best hot chocolate i have ever had ! ! havent tried the food but the decor is fabulous
it was so fun ! ! it is a nice big club ! ! the line is so long but when you get in it is going down ! !
very cool , cute taco joint . reasonable . i will be back . go there . tuesday specials are great .
get the asiago cheese bagel with sun-dried tomato cream cheese ! ! !
feliz de que este en etobicoke
i would definitely recommend them to any of my friends and family members . super friendly
great sushi at an affordable price ! been coming here for two years now and it's amazing !
awesome little place that has beer on tap and allows dogs inside . what more is there to say ?
great facial ! tina does a fantastic job and i felt pampered the entire time i was there .
one word : excellent ! a lot of vegetarian choices , fresh juices and amazing staff ! love this place !
danielle is very professional and efficient . i will definitely return !
wood fire beef arepa was tasty ! make sure to drench it with the two types of sauces .
item num on their menu
love this place ! i'm a big meat eater but had brunch here last week . soooo good ! black beans ... wow
we found hiro from shiro - he's now working at tokyo lobby in glendale ! ! !
bababababa im lovin it ayyy lamo
do yourself a favor and eat here . fresh classic traditional cuisine . always amazing .
lois no longer works here , but i hear the food is still good ...
loved everything about the place food amazing holly in san diego synergy world
its average mexican food , not that fresh nor the best ! ! will never visit again
suda is the best . she's kind , friendly , knowledgeable and very helpful . great experience .
great merchandise ! ! i love anything with the aria logo ! !
he was my son's pediatrician . we loved him , he was a good doctor great with kids ...
great experience , highly recommend to everyone . the dentists here are excellent !
the first time i tried to wear these shoes the heel repair fell off ... you've got to be kidding me
terrible service . if we could , we would rate with no stars . if you need a cab , dont call them .
we are here at least once a week ! good food , good service , and nice relaxing atmosphere , !
they fix your tires .
good ice cream . can't beat the location on a summer's day ! will be back for more .
great food , cheap jager !
food was great but the service was awful enough that i feel awkward to ask what i need smh ..
great vegan food and nice atmosphere . i will definitely be back to try more of the vegan food !
nice neighborhood feel and friendly staff . stick with the ' que ...
wonderful food , great service . amazing wine . such a unique place . will be back for sure .
the bartender is phenomenal . vast selection of drink . love the atmosphere .
really great sushi . tastes like my ex-girlfriend a fave .
niccol is really great at what she does . i loved not having to leave home .
pretty good and authentic irish food and pretty well priced
amazing food and workers ! ! ! highly recommend ! ! the food was so good i couldn't stop eating !
we always make sure to visit diablos when we are in vegas !
pretty standard walgreens ! most of the people who work there are nice . never had any issues .
helpful , courteous staff . all possess a great sense of humor . kirby and justin are awesome .
bought a package .. num bucks and then i come back and they are closed .
pizza is delicious from the food court ! cant go wrong with anything you buy here .
price for 2 labs very reasonable
clean , quick service , and great people ! ! ! and most importantly , my nails look fantastic every time !
i love graze ! highlight is their cheese curds - - they're the best in town , in my opinion .
the poutine was burnt , i left when i saw a drunk kid vomit all over his poutine .
got charged $ num for fixing the dishwasher in num min ...
john is wonderful we found them on groupon ! fast service and reasonable pricing ! !
what a treasure in mentor , ohio . big city sushi in small town america . we will be back .
steelers for life ! go ' burgh !
love their salads and sandwiches for lunch !
good pizza . online ordering never seems to work out right . order is never ready at pickup time .
the service is good . the queue is not too long . i am happy with the service .
i called for a " ridiculously overpriced at num + per hour . this guy charges more than my attorney .
i love there ribeye steaks in the morning . it's a true go get it . i'll be back . great service
worst service ever ! the place had num tables open and said they were busy and made us wait .
' memba when kmart was a discount store and didn't have higher prices than cvs ? oh i memba :(
great cozy spot near dufferin station . the crew is friendly and they have great beer .
i love this shop . the best retro dress in vegas . the girls that work here are total dolls .
always a fun place to meet up with friends , drink and dance !
don't come here if you want any alcoholic drinks ! ! ! they dont have their liquor license !
a relatively quite pub for friends to hang out . i really enjoy this bar !
wonderful venue , excellent wine selections , great food !
so far , still our favorite pizza & excellent delivery . toppings are delish & just enough .
crazy as it sounds , i love the chicken teriyaki bowl !
great place to buy guitars in montreal . great choice , good prices .
best breakfast place ! ! the waffles and bacon are crispy and the juice is always fresh and cold .
awesome broth and pulled pork . load a bowel up and make it lava hot
healthier alternative to all the other stuff around . had the meatball wrap . pretty good size
delicious , fresh , healthy food for a fair price . the service was friendly and timely .
i love kristen . i love the food and the atmosphere . my coworkers and i come here often .
emergency iv ... amazing ! carlene did a great job helped everyone get back being hydrated
great service . the nachos were amazing . everything you'd expect guy fieri's restaurant to be !
this hotel is in a great location on the strip . rooms are clean , large , and quiet .
comfortable bed , awesome location , yummy breakfast . can't wait to stay here again .
better then dunkin donuts ! great customer service and good prices . boba smoothies are amazing !
food is awesome , like the staff hospitality , moreover its worth money in places like lv
great food and service ! the pad tai was excellent and all their appetizers were just as good .
ordered food . took over num . food was cold . price was ok and so was the food ...
best fish and chips to be found on this side of the pond for sure ! excellent bangers and mash also .
chicken enchilada omelet . the best omelet i've had in a long time . love the cherry coffee cake .
good selection but the cushion sandals didn't have my size .
food is absolutely delisssshhhh ! ! ! food presentation is beautfiful but the taste is to die for
filthy . sticky tables . dirty walls . dirty glasses . lots of bugs . delicious food . delicious
always a grear experience . most of my busienss meeting are at this place . love the food and people .
great restaurant , food was great and authentic .. i definitely was very surprised and happy .
great service , food , and ambiance ! recommend it to anyone looking to have some tasty ramen .
half price wings monday are always good . the waitresses are beautiful and friendly .
best gellato ever ! sweetest staff that everyone loves . they always put smiles on my kids faces
nice people ; very hospital and friendly
the music is good , but far too crowded .
best philly steak n cheese in town . period !
like their chicken curry but their naan is just very plain . mango lassi is also not that great .
my absolute favorite . came all the way from la ca just to have some delicious breakfast .
decent sushi , moderate prices and good ambiance . has been my go-to sushi place when in town .
decent and inexpensive but not fantastic .. still looking for an authentic mexican restaurant .
came from portland , or to have some seriously good coffee ! i wouldn't go anywhere else in nevada .
called many times and left 2 vm never heard from them / her . weekdays or weekends wont return calls .
i love these guys . fast , accurate and courteous delivery and in store .
so quaint . the smell fresh baked bread awesome sandwiches and sweets . chinese down and check it out
great atmo , excellent quality , but pricier than most .
a really great ramen place ! its a small place , lines can get really long during dinner time .
very professional and fast service . a great experience .
had their fish and chips . the fish was very good and the batter was crispy and tasty .
great atmosphere . amazing food . friendly service . definitely a place we will go again ! ! !
nice theatre located in a shopping area . it has early shows which is convenient for us .
staff is friendly but i don't use the service and the company makes cancelation very difficult .
i love going to roxy for my haircut . she does an excellent job and i always enjoy the experience .
one of the worst pizza huts in the usa . save yourself the trouble and go get a frozen pizza .
great local spot for cocktails with a hipster vibe . particularly good in the winter ( fireplaces )
quick service . fresh coffee . friendly staff
food was really good ! got a giant burrito de carne asada . lady who worked here was very rude .
this place blows ! id rather have a rectal exam by jerry s * * * usky than go here !
never heard of a place that won't deliver when you only live 3 miles away . lost my business ! ! !
got really drunk , don't remember much . only missing 2 teeth when i came to ... 5 stars .
can't go wrong for $ 2 ! ask for the spicy option .. * drool *
the service at the happy hour at the bar was wonderful . kudos to the barmaids . f
check it out
had a great inexpensive dinner . best burger i've had in a very long time . will go here again .
love , love , love this place ! perfect for groups ! i bring participants here after seminars .
sherri is amazing . i walked in a mess and left looking great ! i will absolutely be back
close to home , great food , drinks , and people ... they have live music as well .
and a pretty place ;)
fantastic food , great company , friendly and relaxing .
still my no . 1 best japanese ramen in canada . although i wish ippudo could open in canada !
i absolutely love the interiors here and their matcha green tea lattes are always impeccable .
i really enjoy the friday nights with ron c , the hostesses and the vibe . mature spot no bs
we are locals and we love this place . the ahi poke is the best in town . no complaints from us !
great coffee , great music friendly staff . airy and unpretentious , a wonderful little spot
i don't get the fuss . a dr . oetker frozen cake is just as good . it's fine , i guess .
sugar waffle rocks !
wow ! theses guys are amazing . called in fix my problem in num mins . thank you so much
i'll have to write about how amazing my facial was later ! ps - don't wear perfume !
nothing really to like here . low quality bar food . service and atmosphere to match .
good , but the new viet guy plays old folks ' music all the time now . the atmosphere is depressing
love this concept . great food . fun staff . fast service . what more can you ask for ? ! ? !
we had the pho sandwich ( very tasty ) with the slaw ( excellent ) and a side of the chips . yum .
nice store , great selection of high quality gear . pricing was decent and fair for the merchandise .
hands down best pizza pie in vegas . get the metro well worth it .
great service . convenient delivery and prices are great too . always friendly if i need to call .
awesome place . great service , superb food , and fun drinks . what more could you ask for ?
a fun venue to see different acts in ! friendly staff and good bar service .
great service and great food ! make sure to order the tempura red bean ice cream . mmm . awesomeness .
burgers are kinda greasy and buns are too small , but the service was good and quick .
the corned beef is just like at the original slymans . nice atmosphere , and agreat staff .
the staff was amazing and the food was great . wood fires pizza is excellent . love the wine bar
best new mexican restaurant ! ! haven't had good mexican food in a long time ! ! ! we will be back !
great new owners as of april . food is better and great delivery service . can't wait for more
this place is no longer there . too bad , our family liked it a lot .
excellent pizza ... nothing more to say except rocco's rocks !
a must try ! ! ! i sometimes just get a plain arepa to munch on .
love their food . it has great flavor that is closer to authentic than most in this town ( italian )
this is one of the best . in the top 5 .
one of the best thai places i've been to
spent num $ on drinks and they forgot to put tequila in both the margaritas . what's that about
cindi & the staff at smart have always been very professional & provide excellent customer service .
i brought my son to this place and we love it . it's right next to our house . thanks to yelp
great food , low prices , and huge quantity ! so excited to have a chinese place near my office !
superbowl ... if you want cold pizza and rubbery wings !
morellino was excellent choice for wine . cheese platter and wine , great view :) love this place .
seriously fantastic . friendly . delicious . salsa bar . enough said !
everything i've tried so far was amazing . will definitely recommend this place to my friends .
i love the way the lobby smells ... a vanilla smell . other than that it is a normal vegas hotel .
food is what i'd expect from a diner , but the service is horrid . price \ value good
good food and great service , plus free salsa bar !
picture perfect every time ! you won't be disappointed .
some of the best bbq around , be sure to sauce it up good and try the chicken and ribs ! yum !
corn cakes are good . wontons not so much goopy . chicken sandwich was good could be spicier spread .
hands down the best onion rings inna ghetto . the fish'n cheeps is good and the owner is awesome .
the best tacos i've had in years ! ! boh is on point ! ! try it ... be like nike and just do it !
in a few words : mercy is better / cleaner / nicer / less gritty / dingy and depressing .
... rude wait staff ... also brought the wrong salad dressing that i was allergic to .
best hotel i've ever stayed in my life , not the service but the hotel is better than wynn .
great place to go for breakfast ! love the prices & the service is great ! not packed or loud either
great food , good service , comfortable environment . i definitely recommend !
num time in a row they messed up my burger . i will not be back . good food once it came out though
efrain was great . i got yelp just to leave this review because he was working his butt off .
not one employee seemed like they wanted to be there . probably should rethink their career choices
num for 1 shrimp taco ! really ? ? never coming back again until you reevaluate the pricing !
my best dinner in las vegas , very authentic chinese noodle , i have to come back again .
great customer service and food was fresh ! we were helped right away . came in yesterday for lunch .
superb food , wine , decent prices , and a beautiful relaxed atmosphere . absolutely perfect .
expect to wait on weekends but worth it ! ! !
charming little byob tucked away in lebo .
not bad ... but not great either . decent drinks with small plates . try the duck and waffle .
great happy hour . apps are delish . service is amazing . skip the teas and baklava though .
a solid dive bar . cheap drinks , close proximity to greasy food , and bartenders with a heavy pour .
great gelato ! come try this new small business in old town scottsdale !
very good salsa very friendly staff we go here pretty often would recommend this place to anyone
it's simple : great people work here !
beautiful decor , clean and with lots of color choices . staff was great and stayed open late for me .
everything tasted like it was cooked in a crock pot , everything is bery stewy . very disappointed
forget ihop or dennys this is the place to go ! big variety and everything available num .
foods okay ... but i never have a good experience with take out ... rude .
this place is now closed for good apparently . last day was july num .
great service and clean establishment !
the kale salad is to die for ! the wait can be horrible at times , but it is worth it !
the mamma mia was delicious ! loved the meat balls ! erin my server was awesome ! ! great service !
best sushi i have had since hi ! i love the happy hour at this place . def . best in town ! ! !
live the spicy atl wings . i get it litterly every single time . yess they are that damn good !
lots of different options , love that they also have the ramen place connected as well
i love , love , love flancer's ! nice staff , friendly , and tasty food !
fantastic food and awesome customer service ! definitely will be back for more wings made to order !
amazing taco spot - food , ambiance , drinks ! happy hour from num is one of the best in the valley !
best eggs benedict with crab cakes ! clam chowder is awesome too ! we go here every week ! ! !
this place needs a serious makeover . food is unacceptable and the decor ... nonexistant ! gross ! !
always have the best shoes and my size
frat-boy sushi house . bland , annoying , rude .
great pulled pork , bbq sauce so good you could drink it ! totally going back here !
$ num for a dozen valentines day roses with thorns still on and a balloon ! ! enough said .
awesome food - great happy hour . definitely try the pork belly , butterfish and serrano chile roll .
filthiest hotel i have ever seen in my life . you would be better off sleeping in a trash can .
good food , great service . lou the manager really goes above and beyond to cater to bellagio guests .
very nice place to relax and enjoy some good food and drinks !
it isn't there anymore .
i'm surprised ! they were the quickest office i've dealt with and super organized .
good sushi , good location for student . u can have free deserts when u write yalp . place not small
wife dented the door and demolished the attaching arm . they got it up and running quickly .
fun place to hang out for drink on friday and sat nights .
just waited an hour and a half for my taro express because they only have 2 people working . smh
new location is in lyndhurst on the corner of richmond & mayfield rd .
the sushi is great and reasonably priced .
great stylist , great salon ... a guys perspective , just saying
simply put the best dining experience i've ever had . also , alexander the waiter was amazing .
bun bo hue .. off the hook .. shit was bomb .. service was kinda slow tho ..
such a bs .
bring back dem chili cheese potato skins pls those things were t'd out for real
my favourite place to get salmon and lox bagel sandwiches ! ppl that work there are cute too :p
we had appointments , but didn't need one . mani / pedi were decent . bring cash , no cards accepted
cheap sushi good quality .. mom and pop shop with great service
if you like the smell of puke , this place is for you ! the manager is a real treat too .
family favorite .. ayce ... all you can eat ... we are from hawaii and this reminds of home ..
the spinach pie is to die for and it's available tuesdays , thursdays and saturdays !
good atmosphere good music nothing to say bad for this place but i had better iskender for sure .
not bad after waiting almost an hour .. ramen was good but a little salty . overall great tasting .
i love that i never feel pressured . they are honest . always helpful and do a great job .
delish ! ! ! great seafood , eating off the table with yours hands ... kaitlyn is the best waitress ! !
sensational bundt cakes - soft , moist , delicious .
service was great and venue was chic and contemporary . food was not at all bad for bar food .
fast pick up and great prices . easy access to parking area , right off the num and num street
we received great service from brandon at truly nolen ! thanks for helping us stay pest free !
great friendly service . menu is extensive and the food was superb .
fast friendly customer service . this is an ideal spot for me since i live in this neighborhood .
wouldn't recommend
the owner is a professional and cares about his customers ! the tia tea is the best i have had !
love the clay target center , can't think of a place that could be better .
umm , wine tasting and grocery shopping ? yes please !
gave it a chance ...
jun in the truck rental department was really nice and helpful even when i was having a meltdown .
went once . las fuentas is sooooo much better ! no need to go back here
a bit pricey but oh so good and beautiful too .
had an issue , got fixed to my desires .
went twice and got some awesome pics of our shy little one !
great vegetarian options . fast , friendly service !
the food and the service was off the chart highly recommend . i loved all of their sake choices .
dr . nelson is always kind and gentle . i have been a patient for years ! i love stacey & lori !
a restaurant in the desert that charges 2 bucks for a bottle of water .
thanks chase for the great customer service ! love my koso air filter on my num grom .
i love oregano's but the music is obnoxious and extremely loud . this is my only complaint .
decent little place with free wifi !
phil and mike are the best . quick and easy to walk in , get your hair cut and then back to work .
we came back for retakes and kenny and matt were very helpful and did a wonderful job .
everyone was so friendly and helpful . glad we found this place and they're open num days a week !
it was ok , i got a pumpkin macchiato and donut .
thai food---delicately prepared , gracefully presented .
yummy .. clean , and everybody is helpful .. good tasting food . we'll be back here for sure :)
this place is hella good ... quick and fast delivery too ... their sicilian pizza is their best item .
first time here tonight . food was delicious and service was great . definitely coming again .
great service great menu great foosd can't wait until they open in scotsdale
cheap books , nice atmosphere , good drinks , great cause . what's not to like ?
great trivia host . good karaoke . typical bar food .
fantastic ! we stayed near the top floor and got to enjoy incredible views .
great stuff and great service . salmon portion was a bit small to give 5 stars . will def go back !
food was good , cougar central , very loud
long wait . bathroom to small . but all that can be overlooked cause the food was great ! ! !
great pizza , excellent delivery time & if i ever come back again i would definitely go there .
just left the num / num num p . m . set . will be back . bravo to every comedian that takes the stage ...
omg ! always amazing . this is a " local's " spot . we in the industry come here at least once a week !
don't miss the smelt or clam pizza . great cocktails , oysters and a clean , casual atmosphere .
had the chicken salad sammy with creamy cauliflower soup . really good ! !
for a coffee stop .
this is another place i go for the iced tea more than food . their passion iced tea is so great !
best sushi ever .. my favorite is the hot papa roll . i just wish they stayed open longer .
outstanding vegan menu . the falafel balls and the spinach ravioli are delicious .
they do nothing to make you feel comfortable ! sat for hours on the hard uncomfortable chairs ! ! !
absolutely fabulous ! great chicken lolipops , terrific burger , everything was superb !
ten minutes for a mc muffin . this is ridiculous , i would of had faster service at a resturant .
store always has that pretty messy look to it . but hey , there is a post office in the back
never disappoints ... food is great ... staff is friendly and accommodating ... no complaints ! ! !
the best place for a real manicure . and a fun place to spend part of your day .
evan came out and did a very quick and informative job on my dryer . very much appreciated
the sliders in this place is off the chain ! its worth the money and there are soooo many tvs .
soggy crust , ' nuff said . service could use work , too .
www.teohaz.com
get the pork buns ! best appetizer in madison !
really good food , and friendly staff . also very clean as well . will be coming back soon
checking this place out
super mc donalds
rip off gringo mex . $ num for a blah taco ? come on man . trust me and go to rubios .
the ladies their was so friendly ! they did a fantastic job on my new pup . i will for sure be back .
randy brooks and bernie youngman are the best . they gave me awesome service .
this little place is great . our waitress was amazing . cant wait to go back and get some more pizza !
we are repeat customers here . their service is always great and the food is very good .
great food , great service , and interesting presentations ! go ! enjoy !
convenient , fast service , great appetizer and fresh sushi .
the best pepperoni rolls ever . ask for ranch and marinara to dip them in . people are friendly too
amazing ! great decor and all the food is good . i went here like three times in 4 days .
got some croissants with coffee and it was yummy on the run .
amazing quantity and quality . and they give 3 leaves of culantro with the pho , love it .
nice family owned restaurant . good taste . lots of rice .
excellent shortbread . koodos to ms . mary and her oh so good chocolate crunch shortbread cookies .
tortilla soup = not the biz . that's all i tasted so that's all i'm rating this place on lol
not bad and makes a good chimminy bread thing . they also have a soup and bread lunch
this place was amazingly delicious . had the prime rib special and the $ 5 beer and burger ...
dark . leather . cocktails . affable bartender . great atmosphere . it's downstairs . do it .
had better poutine in toronto . not a bad place for the price .
fast , friendly service ... great deal on new springs ! !
tried papa murphys for the first time today . great and friendly service and great pizza .
such good chinese food . pleasantly surprised !
sweet merciful fried chicken and polish boys ! it is absolutely delicious food .
thanks for hooking me up yosi , my mod is off the hook !
we love angelo's pizza-taxi . die ganze wg ! bacio *
great service and the only place to get a deep dish chicago style pizza .
good prices !
heavenly .
better than buccas mushroom plate was a 5 * * * our service was great will be going again
this is the best ! bulgogi , beef toro , and pork belly were delicious , and it i s a fun atmosphere .
odd location , but it's the best pho soup i've had in montreal thus far .
num best fajitas i've ever had , mexican coke and killer chips and salsa . we have a winner !
great happy hour and excellent food . very nice ambience for a date or to go out with people .
pretty much a tim horton's . my chocolate chip muffin was good and the coffee wasn't bad . warm .
this is the best restaurant i have gone in las vegas . i really like their meats and the service
if you want to avoid the stuck-up camelback people , it is a good choice .
my new favorite place . the food is awesome ! very creative chef . i love the atmosphere .
got a smog here . cheap price . my old car passed . they didnt try to scam me . good experience !
stephanie , cole , and miranda the fucking ginger awesome fucking staff ! ! ! best spot on the strip ! ! !
got the smoke shack - an amazing burger . very flavorful . great lunch spot and cool atmosphere .
family loved the seafood and steak . great place to celebrate special occasions .
best lunch i ever had ! lobster roll was unbelievable ! thanks to tracee , our photobombing waitress !
best massage i've ever gotten and this place is beautiful ! so relaxing and professional .
caring , compassionate , excellent num floor nursing staff . food was great .
dive bar dressed up as a sports bar . was probably a good sports bar many years ago , but now ... meh .
food was ok . service great ! ! ! need to work on the dry chicken
excellent service , open late on weekends , cool space to play board games , study , or just hang out .
over-priced , medicore , pre-prepared food . inattentive , disorganized staff . lame .
bomb af better than 5 guys , cheapest burger is 5 dollars but it's a good size and tastes awesome
absolutely fantastic ! taught us so much about whiskey ! bartender " tater " ask for him every time ! !
ac guy rude and doesn't speak english only german . don't come get your ac check here ! !
come here twice a month and love the food every time the late night special is the best
excellent food , the wings are by far the best i've ever had . warning , very addictive ! ! ! (:
great bring your own wine restaurant with fine french cuisine
it took num mins for 2 pieces of uni . the hell .. never again . and the place wasn't even busy .
best donuts and friendliest staff in the west valley . always fresh , delicious , wonderful !
great thin crust pizza . open late night ... the lines do get really long .
better off getting a bigger burrito at filaburtos . burrito tasted ok . beans taste like can beans .
great burgers ... skip the fries and get a shake instead .
love their wings but gonna try a burger today ...
delicious food ( try the teriyaki chicken burger ! ) but terrible service . maybe the waiter was new .
great donuts , below average prices . 3 $ + per donut ... love the white chocolate mousse donut
meh . it's fine . maybe this is great sushi for arizona , but i really wasn't impressed .
great service , happy staff and good food . been going there since i was in high school .
broken spring repaired in num minutes or less . thank you , travis !
i like the veg manchurian here . also the chilli paratha .
a trip to bass pro is always fun . love the decor , the displays and the locations .
just like they're fresh from the microwave except with a slice of pickle ! very friendly cashiers !
fresh authentic italian food at a good price and excellent service .
had the trash tachos - - - tator tots meets nachos . enormously fattening but they were really good ! !
pizza is great , service is a joke . was there at num and took way too long . need a staff overhaul
sandra rocked ! ... she made my waxing experience fun ! i've already made my next appointment !
i love this place i eat lunch here 3 - 4 day's a week . they make great baked potatoes
if there was a num star rating , they would get it . just not good . steer clear .
more cheese on that philly ... i order extra every time still not enuff ... delivery guy goose rocks ! !
the breakfast mac & cheese was decadent . i also had the apricot scone which was also delicious .
i love this mall !
great staff and great service . not even one minute wait they take care your needs asap .
absolutely delicious pizza . great beer list and excellent service from ryan . great spot .
we've been here twice . both times the food was great and the staff is friendly . we'll be back !
it's convenient to rent and return . the car is of good condition
wow ! i am sure glad i read these reviews . i will not be going to capital one for my car loan .
best mexican fast food place ! it's a great place and has great options .
hmm ... i dont know why my first review was taken off . but all i know is that this place is awesome .
what a fun evening ! ! such a fun show and lauren and xavier were superb :)
the manager janine was a big help . had a great first experience . definitely will be back !
the service was great and a amazing atmosphere . the food was wonderful i suggest everyone try it .
the floral arrangement replacement was beautiful . thank yo for a job well done . excellent service .
had the chopped clams over linguine white . very good , lots of clans and very tasty . would go back .
i love this tacos in vegas , that i have to came to tijuana and eat them one more time ! ! !
excellent food , friendly service . had the veggie omelet , enjoyed it immensely . highly recommend .
really just need to get rid of sandra - bleh , only reason we dont go there anymore .
best nail salon ... you won't be disappointed !
i like their pizza , but they changed to a pepsi place . blech ! i'll consider take out next time .
great service , great location , well known stylists and conveniently open weekdays and weekends !
great food and atmosphere . sweet potato waffle fries are the best . great for pirate games .
food & drinks were very pricey . tasty though . friday night was a lot of fun ! ! !
meh ! a bit overpriced the help is kind of snooty . the food is only ok i probably won't go back
awesome food and there craft beer is so good ... also the staff is very nice .
the people were super nice , but the food was basic . barely any selection . not worth $ num a person .
first time at this place and surprisingly good ! customer service was great too :-)
delicious food , great atmosphere , it is like having your own personal chef ! ! ! fantastic food !
i had gotten a moveout cleanup done by the queen of maids . they did a fantastic job :-)
perfect thai food and great for take out or dine in . i love the drunken noodles and panang curry .
they're closing for lunch and dinner to support a protest in madison ... last time i'm coming here .
amazing food ! great atmosphere ! don't let the location discourage you ! great service on too of it !
fast fresh healthy mexican food . atmosphere is themed well . a great place for a quick bite .
first time really enjoyed it . the waiter was really helpful . all the food we tired was very tasty .
the food was good ; service could have been better . definately come for the atmosphere ; .
gal at the counter was so sweet and helpful ! very fresh baked goods and hot coffee . a nice treat .
i really like that they have small plates now . the honey seared sauce is my favorite :)
this show is the best show i have seen in vegas ! hilariously funny and great magic !
not a huge fan of the duck sauce . the chicken with broccoli was great . shrimp toast was yummy !
the soup noodles are awesome but the fried rice comb is also great too ! ! !
black and white was a favorite . yummie cupcakes
this place is wicked awesome ! great food and unique decor ! another home run by joe !
great hakka chinese food . the manchurian soup is to die for . well worth the visit .
great food and nice setting . love the pizza and the chicken caesar salad !
this place is the best . i would recommend the green chili stew w / a fried egg !
my man chad was awesome ! ! ! he was such a help and a great server . i will definitely come back
i love this place . been to vegas and just found this local spot . order one of eveything !
best place . best owners . amy is the best . they also do awesome nail art . in a nice shop in arcadia .
the biscuit was great . the grits were great . the apple butter is amazing . a great breakfast spot .
the food was bland and their water tasted off . the service can also be better . won't go back .
it was okay ... not quite what i expected . food was extremely greasy and fries were bland and soggy .
the best crossfit gym i have ever been to . excellent programming and awesome family atmosphere .
this is the place to go if you like a good frozen cocktail ! it rocks ! ! !
the salads and oysters are by far the best i've ever had ! what a surprise gem ! love this place !
i had the fish taco and rice ... it's was fabulous and really fresh . loved it .
we had a blast ! ! great set up , great people , tons of fun ! i would recommend this to anyone
really cool spot . great for groups . love the decor and the food is delish .
good very organic type of restaurant . more of a lunch atmosphere , but dinner was great there too
pizza and wings were very good ! service was a bit slow but overall would highly recommend .
never a problem check the internet for better deals love em
the delivery service is fast and convenient and the dishes remind me of greece ! try it !
the soymilk is so gooood . make sure to ask him to make the special sauce cuz its so gooooooood ! ! !
ouch slow service and bad food what a combo .
i love their food , but don't go during peak time . you will be in line for a long time .
great change of pace fast food , creative hot dogs , burgers . i'm full and very satisfied .
one of the better places to go . wide range of good looking men . awesome drinks hot men .
yummy burgers ! yummy fries and malts , nice and clean staff was nice .
delicious food , tasty drinks , phenomenal desserts and friendly staff . love this place
awesome chicken . it is not frozen at all and tasted so good . get extra sauce cause it is so good .
overpriced , boring and dry ! need i say more !
tried the pork belly tacos . nice portion to enjoy lunch . easy to find on num & jefferson .
great food . have never been disappointed . the pretzels and fondue are our favorite . fun games area .
welcoming service , very cozy and delicious treats and drinks with many options . love it ! xxx
fast and friendly , gave me great service at a fair price . offered online coupons if i needed them .
i'm not the most cultured fellow but i enjoy a good museum now and again . this place is great .
been there on saturday noon . it had hell lot of items for buffet n most of them were good .
very cool , very french hip place with awesome food , but limited menu and full bakery .
my husband said the carnita sandwich was the best sandwich he's had in a long time .
amazing food ... but customer service is really really bad ... girls in the cashier has no manner
outstanding . quick response time , great prices and easy to work with . highly recommended .
shrimp crispy rice clay pot is all i can say ! holy moly this was fabulous .
excellent food and excellent friendly service ! great variety of food and they have grits ! ! !
delicious sandwiches . wonderful staff . great atmosphere . cookies are amazing . the blt is sooo good
a classic scottsdale staple . nothing has changed in decades and i love it that way .
still awesome ! ! !
always good stuff
nice course to play right off th eplane great bang for the buck !
venti , non fat , light ice , chai , best drink ever ! love all of the baristas there .
service was good . however , my fillet mignon was cooked well done when i ordered medium well .
big juicy burgers that aren't too expensive . fries were good . milkshakes looked delicious .
beers are fantastic variety & great full flavors . all meat pizza was so tasty & fresh !
fantastic chiropractor and friendly staff ! my go to place for chiropractor adjustments .
very good tasting pizzas and wings with decent prices and most importantly it is halal .
fast cheap food . not great , not bad but there .
overall pretty delicious .. ribs and brisket were on point and the muffin bread was delicious
their sorbets are great ! i have found better froyo .
ran in for a polish and a drink . can't beat $ num ! ! always fresh and the line moves quick .
so dbl meat and a chicken sandwich . both were exactly how i ordered them . just love fresh beef .
awesome place to get fresh fruits and veggies .
i promise you that you will be taken care of here ! very thorough exam and caring staff .
spicy pork tacos are a must try ! ! ! the best $ num tacos money can buy .
so far my favorite breakfast place in boulder city ! bacon bloody mary chilie verde omelet great
great atmosphere , great steak . pricey though . if too pricey for you they have a great happy hour
died and went to heaven . these pork buns are amazing ! got them to go and they still tasted great !
absolutely the worst buffet . everything is low quality and especially disguating . stay away .
fun air conditioned place to go walk around . we always end up finding something here " we need " .
service was kind of slow , no sense of urgency . i will come back to try the pancakes , maybe lunch .
kind of expensive ( like $ num ) but the butter chicken roti is beyond delicious . word to vishnu .
speedy service . standard jamba goodness .
dr tripp is great to work with . my son has seen him this year . dr tripp is attentive .
the best ! easy to work with , very thorough . definitely recommend them for your next inspection ( s ) !
great food and amazing service . came on a weekday with friends and they took care of us .
awesome mac n cheese burger ! service was good and everything we ordered was on point !
great dumplings . convenient location for mcgill students . i had the beef and coriander dumplings .
this was the easiest business card order ever and delivery was speedy !
nice little new place ! coffee is good & a nice change from that big seattle liberal hangout .
huge fresh portions ! owners are precious and aim to please ! stop by for a relaxing fresh meal !
num happy hour $ 2 off draft beers and i love their sliders or the big juicy burgers on potato bun .
their nutella crunch milkshake is the best milkshake i have ever had .
worst pizza overcooked wings onion rings burnt horrible horrible horrible avoid this place
this was one of the best pad thais i have had ! ! the soup was amazing and really flavorful as well ! !
took a total of num minutes to get my cold fries . no apology whatsoever . unusual for a mcdonald's .
yum yum yum yum ! ! if you haven't tried well then you're missing out on the best food . love num !
best auto shop in town since new owner josh took over ! ! ! honest and great service ! ! !
love this place ! great service , amazing color choices and very clean .
order the margaritas and the food too ! ! !
i've nev er had better pizza than this , and the mista salad was awesome .
delicious ramen ! awesome appetizers . great service . i wish we had one of these in so cal !
very good , healthy , food - even the salad :) ( i think my stomach just growled . )
great food and great service . excellent choice for suburb seafood . highly recommended !
the pit stop is super convenient . staff is friendly and they always have pbr in stock .
had the thai tuna bowl . top notch . so fresh . the homemade kim chi in it had quite the kick !
hollywood movies in english . specials on tuesdays . big crowds . decent seats .
eh , just ok . better pizza places in carnegie and greentree . likely won't go back .
crepe is soooooo delicious ... great place for sweet lovers ! dont really love their coffee tho ...
great soup and sandwich shop , they have this blackerry lemonade yum ! !
second time around , just as much fun as the first . great show for the price .
huge carousel , amazing ice cream , and lots of candies . i wish i could give malleys num stars .
no sushi during lunch , but it is not that good anyways
really good burger . better be hunger . super messy but totally worth it .
get the service / replacement certificate . free rotation , replacement , patches for life ! ! !
beautiful resort , with kind staff . the gondolas are something special that shouldn't be missed .
its awesome gelato ! ! ! staff is friendly and helpful with suggestions with their best sellers .
hands down the best pho . don't let the strip mall appearance fool you . i keep going back for more .
love this place ! always receive phenomenal service ! ! obviously a very well run establishment .
i love pad thai but i thought it was just meh here ... noodles seemed very soggy to me .
pricey but food is way above average . steak was perfect and sides delicious .
bartender hooked it up ... was hesitant about coming here but had a very good time ...
great place ! long wait , but def worth it !
abartig lecker , aber abartige wartezeiten .
i really like this starbucks coffee shop . the staff is friendly and the latte drinks are delicious !
good pizza , neat looking place . would go again try something else
bland flavor , overcooked rice , dirty tables , and dirty walls .
got through the line rather quickly . cashier confirmed order and gave me the right drink . yeah ! !
i live it was so fast and really good . so nice staff and helpfull ib a momment a have mine
friendly delivery drivers delivering consistently perfect orders of terribly good food ..
great beer and grub - a fun joint to hang out with friends ...
great service . very polite . clean restaurant . great tasting food . reasonably priced . great variety .
i really don't get the hype . jojo's is way better , as is pamela's .
malee's on mill is solid , reasonably-priced , standard thai fare .
good and large sandwiches . restaurant was too warm to enjoy eating inside . fix your ac !
typical bar-ish type food . nothing that really stands out . it's a good place to go out after work .
great live entertainment . drinks are well priced - for the strip .
rescheduled due to floods then no show twice now rescheduled for the next week .. not dependable
jay is incredible . i've been to almost every shop in town and he does the best fade .
great bail bonds and debbie is awesome definitely a 5 star women ! ! ' :-) thank you so much
service was so so . food average italian . the pizzas are ok . pastas are good . nothing special sorry .
love this place especially on nat geo nites ! ! orchestras are awesome events as well :)
you can't go wrong with a couch gift unless is louis vuitton ...
i ordered a sandwich through door dash . the food was great , except for a metal wire in my sandwich .
bonne bouffe , belle ambiance et excellent service , garder de la place pour les oreo frits ! ! !
he's ok . i don't like going to him . ( only because i cant eat next door at ichiza afterwards :)
christopher paige is always very friendly and professional whenever he exterminates our house !
had our directtv setup . damion was courteous , even came early . have had no problems . good service .
satisfied with service ! honest and affordable . it's hard to find a shop like this one
i haven't had any issues at this location . i've always received what i ordered in a timely manner .
clean , convenient , great healthy and fresh foods and produce . i really like this sprouts .
very informative and educational . kids loved it .
they troll county records and send out refi spam for homes that are payed off !
great informal place in which to eat . plan to wait but it is worth it
crazy expensive for such a mediocre place ! you can do way better going literally anywhere else .
fast , courteous service . open on weekends . knowledgeable tech . reasonable pricing .
thin crust .. the cheese ! ! ohh lord the cheese ! ! yesssssss ! ! !
eastern / anthem location service is always quick . and edwina always is so nice and helpful
the black bean / plantain empanadas are so yummy ! ! and they have great vegetarian options .
professional , honest , expert service . steve was very helpful and knowledgable ! thank you !
just egh . food is pretty good , service was slow and borderline rude . much better options around .
steven is an awesome waiter ! ! ! we love there chicken parmesan and spaghetti and meatballs ! ! !
tiny portions . general tao expensive and disappointing . i won't recommend this place .
excellent food , i love the quinoa salads and that iced tea .
the owner is so nice and helped me resolve my alternator problem in minutes
yummy food and nice atmosphere with wonderful service .
if you love draftbeer , you have to come in & have at least one pint !
i'm sick and tired of this place . they want us to reschedule again ! ! never go to to place ever .
great service ! staff is very friendly and place is clean . nice atmosphere for relaxing .
tiny place with high quality crepes ! love this place cause the staff love their job :)
amazing french toast ! ! best brunch in toronto . college atmosphere ( dive bar ) . great ! ! !
great food & even better service ! ! ! eric was cheerful & started our day with laughs ! !
good hamburgers just a little bit expensive , but really good i will comeback . i recomend this place
food was amazing and the staff was super friendly ! don't let the outside of the building deter you !
love shopping here and spending time with my family a little bit for everyone , great place ! ! !
in my opinion they have the best persian food in the city beside of a warm and friendly staff .
on line ordering does not work she said it too ! left in a huff after waiting in line .
excellent find - a hidden gem ! try the very berry salad - fresh and delicious ! friendly service .
very nice and helpful employees . if my cars needs parts i usually get my parts here .
wahoo yippee :) :)
great service great wine . tues-fri is the best good deal nights . ill be back soon to check it out
great pizza and a great lunch special 2 cuts and a coke for 5 bucks
great coffee shop with tasty lunch and dinner options , very good coffee and cozy atmosphere .
wonderful massage with aromatherapy ! best i've had in a long time . i will definitely be back !
great food , amazing service and one hell of a beer list ... much needed in ocotillo !
food is great ! fresh , hot , and yumm ! wish i had one near me !
super schnelle lieferung , tolles essen . kann ich nur weiterempfehlen
great new thai restaurant ! and only a block from my job . my num time there this week :)
they are using real ingredients . finally there's bubble tea that doesn't taste like chemical .
great service at this new salon . had a great pedicure and some waxing . i recommend them highly .
we have received good service and enjoy the food ? it located in monroevillepenna mall top service .
one of the best tasting pizzas i've ever had ! pellegrini pizza with added salami = heaven
really good reasonably priced burgers and very awesome selection of beer to fit any style or taste .
this place reminds me of home what a great bunch of people and amazing food
great to do business with such caring and professional people . plus they are very accommodating .
i would say one of the top three breakfast dishes in montreal - huevos rancheros ( add bacon ) .
just had a great facial , desiree's hands were magic ! will definitely come back when i am in ohio .
great view . food is ok . nice place to enjoy with a couple friends .
standard udupi place . nice people , the interior is spacious .
love this place ! so clever and convenient !
quick service . i like that .
the best restaurant in the lake norman area !
way to expensive , small portions , terrible service , and the food is decent at best .
loved it !
greats burgers , great costumer services , i will definitely come back and recommend this place
great pizza , love it , both locations here are both high level of food and atmoshere
that cyclops burger was greasyyy
loved the drinks here . very good quality .
horrible customer service ! it's a good thing i love this store so much , new employees please !
very good and the price is right for vegas ! i highly suggest the spicy pork burrito .
love their tofu i think it's better than raku .
no way . a ton of cold shredded cheese thrown on top of pizza ? no no no . no beer either .
do not order the club sandwich . it barely has any bacon and the sauces are tasteless .
an small interesting place to try . i liked the french toast . we did not like the chia tea .
very good espresso . in my opinion , the best coffee shop in charlotte .
ordering through doordash is the way to go for me . actually going there to eat is just depressing .
staff is short and extremely rude in their tone . i hate dealing with them any time i have to call .
pass the plates and enjoy ! : )
the carpets came out clean and fresh ! i would definitely recommend them to all friends and family .
we were told there were no open lanes for another num mins ... not impressed with this place !
awesome leslieville sushi joint . good sized rolls , nicely rolled and fresh fish . would eat again .
awesome place ! never had a dish i did not like . staff is friendly and efficient . cost is ok .
yummo ! very fresh green juice and a huge portion of it .
quality cleaning . competitively priced . absolutely amazing customer service .
must try their french toast with caramelized peaches !
i love this food . the crab ragoons are crazy good .
a candy lover's dream ! ! aisles and aisles of candy . seriously , a ton of them .
waitress was pleasant . food was good . small mix up with order but fixed as beat they could .
not close to our home but we will be back .
oh so good . i think their veggie wrap is the best i have ever had . really nice people too !
foods okay ... the skinny margaritas are yummy and the live music is too much fun ...
good food ! great service ! just an absolutely perfect experience .
price is okay . food is bad ( dinner , i've never tried the dimsum ) . not one dish was enjoyable .
omg ! ! amazing deal on monday and tuesday . any dinner pizza and a bottle of wine $ num ! !
excellent prices and pretty good food . grew up there . needs cleaner washrooms though .
would have given it a five star if the restaurant was nice . but food never disappoints !
awesome hot dogs and fries , if you like unique and different this definitely the place
what happens to their great chief ?
coffee is as bitter as the people who serve it . snobby and over priced . won't be going back .
great buffet and food selection . they serve free wine and champagne .
i went there and didn't disappoint
ten cent wing thursdays ! not the best wings , but pretty damn good and real cheap !
esteban fixed the virus on my mac . super friendly and pretty quick turnaround . thank you !
great food , excellent waiter , justin , if we are ever in the area again it would be on our list
best ice tea in town ! i go to this place daily :)
omg i am obsessed with the salted carmel @ ! ! ! when ever you can find they try the ice cream .
awesome hookah place . service is excellent . appetizers and tea are fantastic as well
the room doors are all spring loaded to they slam shut . not a quiet hotel at anytime of the day .
worst service ever never going back . couldn't get a refill took two hours to get food
perfect hunan food ! the most traditional one i ever met in us ! ! ! really hot and spicy ! ! !
fucking racist place . a girl asked me for a smoke and i get kicked out for absolutely no reason .
the second time for me and will not be last .
yummy
reviews appear good and will contact them in the near future .
delicious empanadas ! ! this place is wonderful , loved their food . will be back for more .
michelle in service is amazing ! makes every ( unfortunate ) trip to service a pleasure !
papaya are thee best with thai egg plants , and the beef jerky with sticky rice is delicious
vegan friendly , super super cute on this inside , new favorite homework spot
the line system is a little confusing but the food is super , super good .
never disappoints ! service and food are the best . california eggs benedict are delicious .
on time , worked fast , and took good care of my stuff ! i will use again .
not much selections and overpriced . if things are out of stock they're out of stock forever
food was decent but was not impressed , drive to casanova brothers in mesa ...
they really do have some of the best chicken wings in town ! great quality food with good portions .
not what i was expecting.good joey's menu but joey needs to teach how to serve good chi-town food !
always friendly service . good selection of beers . prime rib sunday special looks very tempting .
spent num $ on double bucks for this who like to gamble . not one bonus . not good gaming
early check out please
went yesterday with my grand daughter and it was excellent . the pulled pork is the perfect spicy !
dr miller is amazing and i can always get a same day appointments when my son is ill .
great service with good food equals a great place to go eat and enjoy yourself .
by far the best ramen in the city , don't be fooled by imitators
this is the ohso setup and patio by far ! the lawn games make the wait for beer brunch super fun !
this place is awesomely great food and prices , exceptional service . i would definitely recommend ! !
i have come here a few times to watch my friends sing karaoke . it's a great plate ole bar .
awesome craft beer in the pittsburgh area . i love the tart weisse it is simply amazing !
so much delicious food . one of the best korean places in vegas and at great prices .
this is a " go-to-place " ! you will find just the right food for your hunger . tastee and lots of it !
ouch ! expensive , loud and not what you expect from starbucks .
the drive through at this location is a nightmare but the inside has interesting decorum .
num minutes off plane and ordering a # 1 . freakishly great .
great kayak trip ! well worth the money for the longer trip .
texas bbq house is the real deal ! awesome food . highly recommended .
they got me in right away , the staff was friendly and the did an excellent job on my nails !
amazing place and food ! love every location ! the pancakes as well as fruit are amazing !
hot tub is a cesspool at the l a fitness .
everything here is delicious ! the perfect mix of spices . the mango drink is the best ! ! !
omg , best street taco's , burrito , chips and salsa ! will be back . loved it !
the food was amazing . it was my first time at a culver's and i am now coverted to custard for life .
i got the banh mi sandwich and it was delicious ! the service was great and i like the atmosphere .
i wish they were open till num it would be the only way i could ever eat there again .
inexpensive , fast and good . i wish they were open late though .
great job . ali and alah were fast and efficient . good guys and hard working . would use them again .
hope your not a company that needs drug testing fast .. instants take forever .. staff awfull
horrible old food horrible costumer service food was so gross big mistake choosing this place
chicken shishkabab soft , juicy and tasty !
too loud . nuff said ... just pass the excedrin .
it was fun and intimate . got a little crowded after midnight but still fun ! wynn does it the best !
excellent real mexican food ! ! trendy place , clean and attractive prices , we will ho back for sure ! !
pastries and cakes that are ' tdf ' . now i know where to go for good desserts .
cool tour . our tour guide seemed to give a damn , and helped provide a great experience .
good service , food is always great and the corn bread is a treat !
best soup ever . try the roasted veg tomato ! ! great lunch location and reasonably priced .
fun place to take your family for a history lesson . see how people lived in early arizona .
love this place . lots of patience and very knowledgeable . great pricing . doggy daycare . so cute .
best family owned place ! ! the most amazing pizza my husband and i have had . will be back many times
this place is amazing ! all the spa services you could want . the owner and staff are super helpful
gorgeous location . we had a wonderful time here and it is very scenic . staff is very friendly .
i've never had a bad experience here ! love bringing my dog in and sitting on the patio ! !
chorizo egg benedict and the bacon omelet high on the list ! the coffee was unusually good as well !
nice staff & great place to chill , drink coffee , & hang on wifi .
just had the pho . quite nice taste to it and the broth was amazing too so overall , great dish .
delicious ! ! ! friendly , fast , efficient staff ! loved the food .
the walk up window though me off ok food but i had better bbq in phx
outstanding ! great food and excellent service veggie or not , you'll have a feat meal here
le meilleur steakhouse en ville
great selection of bbq / smoking needs !
clone clone clone fake part that leak not authentic avoid
banquet burger with onion rings - perfect after a night of getting your drank on .
great breakfast ! huge portions and less expensive than eat n park . support local businesses !
everything was awesome ! from the service to the food . the vibe was super chill and welcoming .
excellent service ! fun staff . delish coffee .
love this place . $ num external wash with hand wipe down ! score !
the best brunch place in north america period . drop mic !
the lunch crowd was packed ... the wait for seating for 2 was num minutes , but the service was good .
they overcooked my steak , nuff said . at least we got a view of the fountains .
had a great meal this morning with the family . the service was excellent .
a little expensive , but the food is excellent . great experience there !
great place . fun atmosphere great happy hour nice staff .. what can i say you gotta go ..
these movers were professional , punctual , and did a great job . i would definitely hire them again .
awesome solid indian restaurant . not the best atmosphere but food more than compensates .
the food was great i really love there carne asada fries and the water de orchata
really nice bar for an outback , as usual food is the standard delicious outback fare
my goto for sushi weekly ! close to where i live and generous portions so i can get my fill !
food was decent . service was good . the bar was a little smoky .
prompt ! kind ! helpful ! and good ! thank you zoe .
weather comes to german food this is the place great beer tastic ownerr absolutely love this place
food is really good , but portion sizes need to be a little bigger .
limited selection , poor sashimi and sushi quality .
loved my appointment with jenn ! she was so sweet and gave me exactly the look i wanted !
secret menu : club bao
a true staple in toronto . always a good time here . always reliable .
i can eat stockyards everyday , but i thought this was way too greasy . also had too much batter .
music was kept low but romantic
excellent meal ! great selection of various foods ! win win ! a must when in scottsdale !
proud to be an american !
friendly bartenders and amazing food ! jen was so nice ! and the pickle fries are bomb.com !
great service with your original server . great food and portion size . vegetarian friendly .
clean and free internet ! ! !
i visit secret pizza everytime i visit las vegas , they are sooooo good ! ! !
i love chicago dogs . this one was ok . a bit cold though but flavor was just ok
more of a market than a bar - pretty tight squeeze in this small space !
great service ! ! ! i had a blow out and a missing spare tire and they took excellent care of me !
great pub . smoke free section . check it out .
love this place . i like mom and pop places . friendly staff with good food . that is all you need .
never ever go to this place . expired food . stupid staff . no taste and real expensivevv
great hair ! and new phone number & address : num at num university avenue , suite num .
chris lane is the best bartender yet . the food and live music is great ! !
great service ! they fixed my computer same day for a fair price ! very good customer service !
great customer service from this location . food was descent and dining area was clean .
first time here ! great food . plenty of vegetarian / vegan options ! staff is super nice .
dopest of the dope . beautiful skyline . it's lit . the drinks are amazing . if you like life , go here .
food lacks flavor and extremely over priced for the portions they give . won't be coming back .
better then any one else . bartend and waitress without interruption !
always a great time & the food is yummy . the owners are personable & service is consistent . thanks !
poor service , mediocre food . with so many options in vegas , there are many better choices
small little starbucks ... delish croissant-wich and of course coffee after a long night .
just used it over the weekend to go to ghost bar at the palms . had an amazing night .
delicious food and great entertainment i loved it so much , i took my mom there for her birthday .
great food ! ! ! eggs made perfect . please try their coffee nice and smooth . we will return
awesome buffet , crab legs and chocolate eclairs are the tits .
love this place ! great venue and great experience . try the wasabi tuna ! !
best steak house in arizona ! ! ! love the chop salad and moscato is amazingit ! ! !
rice beans everything ice cold . horrible & waste of money . system of ordering was not good
great if you go in the morning but by afternoon the donuts seem to be dry and a little over priced
my favourite smoked meat in montreal . to eat with a cherry coke !
great place for a quick meal after a looonnng day traveling . friendly and competent staff
love this place ! we order from here frequently through uber eats . location is great too
the shrimp and egg fried rice is worth coming back for ! plus the shrimp dumplings are ftw !
great flavor and broth ! get the original lan zhou noodle , can't go wrong with that .
i recommend going to this cafe . nice cute and cozy place . easy menu . very well customer service .
worst haircut i've ever gotten . barber was on the phone half the time like he didn't care .
great appetizers and beer selection . good specials , nice staff .
great customer service good selection of korean cute stuffs , kpop goods .
several shops within . big like huge num cent store but much more item all over world .
nasty place . got a curly hair in my food . calling health department for review of establishment
linday is awesome and always willing to exchange or grab something i forgot or couldn't find .
vegas is pretty rugged . bring your bedazzler and a bunch of cash , oh yeah and some earplugs .
they have it
great atmosphere , employees , and coffee ! would definitely recommend this coffee shop !
this place is so great . a real coffee pub ! excellent food and charming vibe . nice servers , too .
good food , speedy lunch service and nice people . enough said .
favorite for years . fresh food , fair prices and hard working staff . not flashy but solid .
they are awesome , good prices , and don't bullshit around ! ! highly recommend ! ! !
worst place ever . cars broken into very often . employees can care less about your veh
food was eh . not a long wait on a friday night at least . why does the prime rib taste like ham ? ?
my teenage daughter looks forward to her appointment every month and loves everyone on the staff .
josh in the movie theaters was awesome and had excellent customer service ! ! well definitely go back
great price on pbr $ num for num cans . awesome service and always great atmosphere ..
creative menu that leans towards the healthy side .
great place - authentic italian subs and grocery items .
chad's the man ! great communicator and a pleasure to work with . thanks for taking care of our num .
i have given my laptop for repair . am very much satisfied with their work and they deliver on time .
great breakfast burritos.good price great taste and love the green salsa ! authentic mexican feel .
food is good , but the customer service is below average . does not make you feel welcome !
good crispy wings ! love the louisiana rub and lemon pepper . have to try other flavors next time .
great place drove over from the west side to check it out .. natasha excellent bartender .
no thanks ... i will never go here again ... sloppy and uneven hair style
very nice , clean , and try the philly sandwich with the works and mayo jalapeno sauce
i'm a new customer at delias . the service was great . my shirts look good . i will use delia again .
crispy ginger chicken and the house special fried rice ...
nothing overly good and nothing wrong .. chicken really didn't have any flavor but not bad .
nice gym , clean , peaceful ...
never had a bad experience here ! today i had david as a waiter and he was the bomb.com !
very pricey for what you get , and their burgers were burnt . definitely not coming back .
definitely will be coming again . great food and atmosphere . delicious variety of flavors .
we love this place . nice staff and great food . try all num salsas they have on salsa bar .
one of the best locations insscottsdale
there outside patio is cool . buffalo chicken sliders are amazing ! ! ! num stars ! !
pretty good food for lunch . it's casual n relaxed .
best sushi in vegas ! just wish it was open a little later !
recently got my hair done by jackie , and was very impressed . and very nice . definitely going back .
i love this place , soups , gyozas , rice w / pork & kimchi . a + and they have beer too ...
cheaply built homes , ugly neighborhoods . what more do you need to know ?
huge portions , service is great , overall perfect place to eat when you're hung over in vegas
friendly staff . unique corals . fair prices . will definitely return ! store is super clean .
der name panzer schin auch programm zu sein
excellent food .
brent is an amazing stylist ! i always leave looking fabulous and happy . thanks brent !
get the candied bacon mac and cheese , get the pierogies . skip the tacos .
big bowl of congee , professional presentation - similar to ding tai fung . bubble tea was meh
by far the best pho in az ! ! this is my go to spot . i love it and i always recommend it !
they really care about their clients . !
very nice place with pleasant people . they were very patient with me . the best pedicure .
omg the food is to die for . i am so happy i stumbled upon this place . this place is amazing
awesome dj and exellent bar selection .
good service good food ! we did the ayce and loved the riceless roll . wine is expensive .
this place is awesome . great food , friendly employees , wonderful atmosphere . we come often .
we have been ther with c-cinema . i would love to see better seats but loved the big movie screen .
great beers ... boulder nachos yum ! great place for the beer for brains fundraiser , thanks ! !
loved the cinnamon buns here ! and the service was really friendly and great . i'll be back for sure !
solid 4 stars . fresh authentic food , great service . try greek salad and pork souvlaki !
great inside area . great outside patio ! great steak sandwich and terrific staff always friendly !
consistent service like you would expect from starbucks .
was invited to a yelp event here . food was great . atmosphere was very lively . great service
wonderful place to dine al fresco . freshest food .
great place , creative high quality plates .
um hello ... it's vegas . why don't you have a casino ?
simply amazing ! the chicken sandwiches are absolutely amazing ! ! do yourself a favor and try it !
food was amazing thanks to ritchard the owner amazing guy . great atmosphere
while the satay was the best that i've tasted in awhile and the fried rice was amazing !
glad that adriana and april were moved to scottsdale . they both do an incredible job !
worst tattoo parlor and artists ever ! can't even do a simple small cross on my wrist !
tasty kimchi fries , banhimi buns and chicken soft buns . yummmmmm !
wow this store has changed . staff is nice , store is clean , no wait at the register ! ! ! ;)
japanese burrito is the bomb ! remember folks , sushi is an art form , it takes awhile ... be patient .
the best steamed rice toppings and ngohiong same as cebu . and best server just find aileen !
cheap quality clothings , decent price but you get what you pay for .
the food was amazing and beautifully presented . the atmosphere was clean , quiet , serene .
i love you . end of story .
food was good , served hot , great fries , we had the sunny burger , a little messy but o so good .
best pasta in phoenix ! excellent service and ambience . definitely make a reservation on weekends .
yummy ! ! i crave sushi mon all the time because the salmon and yellowtail is so yummy ! !
great customer service - everyone is so friendly - levi at the front desk is awesome ! :)
overall good value . vegas style . but no vegetables . well except for fries . still . would go again .
top wifi gratuit
amazing food , resounding great service , awesome place to stop by if you are in the area !
i would come back just for the brisket tacos ... nuff said =)
and the green tea is to die for .
this is the definition of mexican food ! ! the micheladas are the best y el ambiente tambien
good attentive service , very friendly , and the food that i had ( french toast ) was really good .
tasty food . great atmosphere . small menu . creepy staff .
drunk frat boys and their jersey shore girlfriends .
great pizze . very small place but perfect for a quick take out . bang for your buck for sure .
rough edges on my acrylics , rough handling of my cuticles , rude / silent service .
i had my car waxed here and i just like it so much . staff are nice and responsible . recommend it .
fish and chips were pretty good . hush puppies and coleslaw were good . i enjoyed the experience .
i ordered a vegan burger and it taste so good , definitely going back for pancakes next time !
this place * was * delicious ! it's officially shut down , signage completely gone , no more mr . d's :(
get the truck wheel donut . although not a cake donut , it's the best you'll get in montreal .
this place is fantastic . the staff is super friendly . really chill vibe . food is fantastic !
lovely buildings and a great atmosphere . take your time and visit the lovely little shops and bars .
the staff is very kind and helpful . i would definitely dr . gelo , he truly cares for his patients !
i've been a loyal customer of reni's for years . best colourist in the city , hands down !
two words : buddy pack . four beers , two pounds of wings $ num . instant regulars upon this discovery !
always love the swimming pool here every time we come here in the summer for the annual seminar .
food was delicious and served hot and reasonably priced . the staff was friendly and efficient .
very friendly service . great food . amazing selection of wine .
i absolutely love this gym ! i can bring my children with me and they can workout with me
$ num steak and eggs ! what else to say ? they don't serve prime rib in the morning ... boo .
best food in pittsburgh . hands down . go there in the summer when you can sit in the courtyard .
my go to whenever i need a great gyro . looking forward to trying their falafel next time .
great food in a low-key place . well-flavored , well cooked . nice staff .
it was just a coney dog .
best classic burger in town , hand made , not the round patty .
it's ok . not the best . not the worst . friendly staff . inexpensive . crispy , thin crust was good .
vanilla cold brew coffee was spot on ! better than the large chains . will definitely be back !
i loved the dd hash . it looks potato based but there's a twist ... it isn't :)
great service and price , attention to detail and no pressure sales . highly recommend shopping here .
good food . i really enjoyed the reuben . good service . only 2 local beers on tap , though .
best briskets i've ever had . not crazy about the choices of side dishes , though .
super-freundlicher empfang , leckeres essen , einfaches ambiente - immer einen besuch wert !
fun place to grab a bite and something to drink . the desserts are amazing !
extremely friendly , seriously . char is the kindest woman . great prices and talented barbers .
ben was awesome , very good energy and great customer service . give ben a promotion ! ! !
love the garlic bread ! ! the chicken legs are sooo tender ! definitely will come more times
very helpful staff . they changed my tires and didn't charge me for labor .
great staff and great takeout thai food . my favorite is the chicken fried rice medium spicy .
food was great ... service was excellent ! will be eating there regularly .
this is the best one in vegas in my opinion . seen it more than 5 times . just go you won't regret !
morning crew sees me everyday and they are awesome and nice !
love the pad thai and green curry ! everything here is great and they are always super friendly !
amazing selection of wide variety of authentic vegetarian indian cuisine . the service is excellent !
very solid dinner and drinks at miguel's ! doesn't look like a lot , but is a good place .
great first time experience ! very informative staff ! i was very pleased and will definitely return !
claudia is an amazing realtor and always takes the time to make her clients feel like royalty .
kristines experience with and love for pets makes her the # 1 choice . highly recommend .
slow service and mediocre food . typical chain .
wishy washy , this pho place isn't consistent . service is okay but food isn't good .
the service is bad . i waited for num minutes with my family , and they forgot to place my order .
same day service . fast , friendly , professional and courteous . i'm happy and will call them again .
this place is good , if a bit pricey . it could use a happy hour .
i'm in love with this place ! ! ! it's a must after a workout ! and my favorite is under the sea ! ! !
food was delish ! loved the salad with the crispy pita chips and the garlic sauce is amazing !
perfect kitschy , greasy spoon . will make this a regular stop in vegas !
this establishment is a staple of tempe . go there right now and eat . you'll be hooked .
security usually not busy which is always nice . luggage seems to take forever to get however .
casual environment , great service . enjoy the mussels ( appetizer size is pretty big already )
awesome little hidden gem great coffee great sandwiches
omg ! ! ! the best hawaiian around ! love the pork hash ! ! ! i will be back many times for more !
love this place .. great portions and wonderful set-up and decor .. delicious cakes for dessert ..
delish ! ! ! i ordered the chic and it was solo tasty !
alright but not in the best place i find . good beer garden though .
cold burgers cheese not melted cold nuggets missing food from drive thru this place sucks
great friendly service , and affordable too ! will be coming back soon ! the groupon deal is the best .
went for new year's . food was great , good drinks . always a great spot to drop in for drinks .
the staff at this cvs are always nice . it is also well located between downtown and uptown .
delicious " carne asada " you can ever tray in vegas , i'ii find the way to go back soon
i'm giving this place 5 stars for the fact that num oz . blue moons were only $ num ! ! !
great vibe with a dj playing a good mix of songs ! food is good ( steaks ) and variety of side dishes !
nicest bartenders around . great place to watch a game or to grab a couple drinks with friends .
gave this place another shot and loved it ! fish tacos and mexican hot dog were delicious !
come here for the chocolate eclair .
the service at iautohaus is fantastic ! i have been extremely pleased with the service on my car .
num time trying dcs , wont go back . 2 slices of ham does not make a sub .
only downside is all the homeless sleeping in the chairs in the early morning .
absolutely delicious ! beautifully presented sushi , fantastic service ! a true hidden gem
pizza was ok , it was thin and dry ... haven't had anything else besides the pizza , as that was eh
lots of choices and fresh ingredients . i dont think you can go wrong if you make your own sandwich
salmon croissant , chicken florentine crepe , and the mediterranean chicken crepe were fab ! ! !
amazing food ! but a little expensive .
all i can say is wow ! what an incredible dinner and service ... a little pricey but worth it .
really ? not impressed with anything this place had to offer . i'm korean and this food ? is sub par .
this place is good ... for pittsburgh . the quality and the quantity left me wanting more .
roger giuliani is a wonderful attorney . he is simply a good , fair and honest gentleman .
tuesday night bingo is so much fun and you get free drinks ! ! !
great food . large portions . trendy setting . nice staff . sapporo beer to wash it down .
num minutes for food at lunch hour is not acceptable ... the service is much better at bamiyan
big fan over here . the country benny ? aces . eggscellent food and super friendly service from erin .
had a really fun time ! comedy was funny , all seats are close enough to be a good seat .
you can also eat some crepes sweet or salt . i recommended you the chocolat fountain , so delicious !
authentic mexican food ! amazing service and delicious food . ps - the salsa is amazing !
great night life .. music and atmosphere are off the hook ! this is why its vegas baby !
the food was amazing ! ! ! however , the lines get pretty long and they should get an english menu .
best bar in squirrel hill . even if it's in greenfield . parking is on the street but not too bad .
happy hour is an awesome deal , especially if you have tabetha serving you , she's the best !
never had a problem with any shipment
i appreciate the owner taking the time to respond back to my review .
the original regular vs original deluxe . ? for $ num alot more meat . i could not finish . very good .
insane taco handling ! smoking good quesadillas ! obsurd guacamole ! absolutely great service !
excellent service and best deli and produce ... glad they are here for my grocery needs ! !
we just walkin here for my husband and daughter's hair . we were accomodated right away .
best mole in scottsdale ! i'm right , so don't argue about it . sign me , david " mole loco " m .
best pizza in nevada ! thin crust & excellent sauce . great salad to go with your pizza -
good burger and good onion rings . nice sized bar . friendly staff .
excellent ribs . had num rack with 2 sides for $ num . choose the great garlic sauce .
love the farm burger rare best burger in town ! service always on point thanks gordon ramsay !
delicious food . thai tea is yummy ! great service . comfy atmosphere .
this is the worst corner bakery i have ever been to . cold food , incredibly slow . avoid it .
el mejor comida ! !
love this place . the coffee is the best , and love that it's a local business i'm supporting .
amazing ice cream and outstanding service ! couldn't be more pleased with the owners and this place
they can never get a carry out right ! ! ! check each bag or pizza before you walk out the door .
best spot for authentic mexican food . burrito is huge and shrimp tacos are amazing ! def going back .
i love sam's club it's my go to place for my stock ups on detergent , toilet paper and paper towels .
my husband and i love dlux ! have never had a bad meal there and i love the atmosphere !
currently attending to get my real estate license . more to follow ;)
love this salon . jamie is amazing , great color and cut . highly recommend !
great produce . reasonably priced . close enough to walk from downtown hotels .
great steaks ... good desserts even better service !
one of the best in the area . we have had a few parties there and the food and staff were amazing .
charming , delicious , great atmosphere ! we love tapas and this place is a real treat !
worst company ever . seriously the absolute most criminal company ever . avoid at all costs .
ever on the go for some decent eel sushi and delicious crab puffs ? well , here is the place
great location , excellent price and nicely staff . the best place for quick exchange in toronto .
bad food ever taste nasty . i have been waiting so long for food never come back again
tried this place for the first time the other day . i must say best hotdogs i've had in years ...
the manager has an attitude . they got our order wrong . you can do better , mcdonald's .
love this place ! sashimi is amazing ; very creative dishes . fish tacos are sublime .
we love thai food and this is a great spot !
my favorite japanese restaurant in pittsburgh ! very authentic .
didi the wedding chapel minister ceremony was amazing ! thank you didi !
delish pancakes and michael phelps is usually there :-) wide variety of mimosas and bloody mary's !
food okay but inconsistent in quality . sauces taste store bought . veggie spring rolls very bland .
worst casino ever ! if you wanna donate your money ; then you play here ! and goodluck getting a drink
food and service were spot on . menu was simple yet diverse . nice room .
this location is closed , drove by yesterday and there is a sign for " station no 1 "
pretty darn good , filling pizza . this is our number one choice in painesville .
this place has the best ribeye steaks in town . the service was prompt and friendly . will return
the staff was very friendly and helpful . i found my dress on the first visit quick and easy . :)
thank u amber ! ! ! my hair looks amazing ! ! and belinda is an expert on brows ! ! such a cute place :)
awesome place to hang out , super relaxed .
sandwiches are around num bucks , but taste like they could be num $ ! absolutely love this place .
great food for the price . i love their chili dogs and their ice cream !
this place won't make it . waited num min when it was dead for a server to greet us at the table .
bryan always takes great care of me . top notch service !
great olives & meat .
avoid dealing with rory agnello . rude , abrupt , arrogant and dishonest . enough said !
kinsey is extremely talented and is continually learning the latest techniques and styles .
love buying hair dye and nail polish from here . so much to choose from . need i say more ? !
:( spicy bacon and burnt hash browns make for a sad breakfast .
fish and chips was amazing which isn't that common for big chains i've found . good service as well !
this place is like dirty mexico in the middle of scottsdale . not a fan .
the service and food tasted great . however . the all night being sick was not a fun time .
bought my ford f - num at carmax . fair pricing , no hassle and awesome customer service !
cold big mac and cool fries . why can't mc d , s serve a hot hamburger or at least warm ?
i think this place is great i could order from a large variety menu and its all italian babyy ! ! :)
darlene at the town square location was amazing ! ! very clean . great leg and foot massage !
frappuccino was extremely watery and drive thru cashier was rude . wasn't even a line
caesar and sea bass and lava cake were just average but the gm ryan took care of us .
great food ! !
i must say this place is very clean and the pizza is very delicious , thanks pizza moon ..
tiffany cleaners , best in las vegas .. convenient location for drop off and pick up . always friendly
so delish . perfect fast authentic , no nonsense mexican food . affordable .
i have worn glasses and contacts for num years . i am no stranger to eye doctors . very disappointing .
amazing food . fair prices . fun employees . big pita's . this is just the facts type post .
num day guarantee .
a nice place to watch the sunset while enjoying a casual environment with tasty food .
fun & casual . sat outside in a corner booth ... great seat for a date . great fried chicken !
great location !
fantastic experience here . great eye exam and a nice selection of frames .
excellent customer service , fast delivery and delicious food . i had the pad thai noodles ... yum ! ! !
kabobs were so good .
i find it hard to go anywhere else but here for philly cheesesteaks ! you guys rock ! ! !
cool dramatic and entertaining for a family outting .
nice quiet place . decent food . if i'm at this mall again , i could see myself coming back here .
live down the street great place , good cheap food .
great little place . lived here my whole life and have never been . love the food .
ask for shane , he's the greatest ! get him to tell stories . great service , it's his thing .
first time . great experience . eggplant parm was amazing . waitstaff was very attentive .
one of my favorite stops in the north valley . good food , good selection , reasonable prices .
great food ! great service ! had kabobs and chicken curry with taj mahal beer , perfect meal
ryan was very helpful , definitely coming back . great and convenient service !
great food and service . we really enjoyed the red and green curry dishes along with the pad thai .
love meeting her with family for something to eat and a gossip lol
i enjoy the massages here . wish they were more in line with zen down the road ( similar place )
worth the drive from kingman , anna was awsome ! !
ali is amazing ! she tamed my frizzy hair and gave me an amazing hair cut . thank you ali !
beautiful showroom . great customer service as soon as i entered and i was helped right away .
this was just okay . i've had way better . nothing special .
delish and quick saturday night dinner while bar hopping .
great service ! ! ! unami burger and truffle fries are awesome ! ! ! will be back for this ! !
worst service ever . the heavy set bartender with the beard is extremely disrespectful
this place went from being great to poor customer service and mixing up all orders . avoid .
target : one of the best places to check out the local attractive moms .
this is closed per note by the landlord . fyi . go find the other location . still great drinks .
will recommend to friends .
great people . very kind , efficient and skilled . i will definitely go here again if need be .
i could live off of the following burritos : carne california , bacon breakfast , bean & cheese .
get place . friendly and helpful staff . definitely will come back for future car needs .
great place to watch sports , the food and service is excellent .
i have been to 3 locations in henderson and this and the agassi sport are the best two locations .
best food around ! ! ! garbage salad , special meatballs , and a cookie explosion shake : perfection ! !
grilled fish tacos with shredded cabbage were quite good , for food in an airport ..
nothing was interesting .. little pricy ( - - " )
pickle salsa was awesome . they also had fathead on tap ... definite stop in the future .
great authentic food . a must do when you're in pittsburg ! party of num and everything was delicious ! !
love this place ! ! ! good food and like the vibe . it's the same as every other bww i have been to .
wings are fantastic , i ordered the honey habanero and wow they were the best i have ever had .
incredible , huge , delicious menu . and yummy bottled soda . my kiddos and i were blown away .
well my regular store closed so someone had to put this place on the yelp map .
it was ok . probably will only come back if i had a groupon .
beautiful place , nice service but there food is extremely salty . will not be coming in again
the gentleman on the phone was very polite and helpful . he even gave us a coupon for more savings
love the atmosphere - outside , good beer , delicious escargot and oysters !
rude , unprofessional and incompetent . would never recommend this company for appliance repair .
first time going their place was amazing i'm coming back asap over summer ! ! local mastermind
red chilli is very good beef tacos are awsome ! ! !
pretty solid experiences here . nothing mind-blowing , but good and consistent .
wonderful brunch stop . i was impressed with the service and the food . good all around !
really good food and a good selection . the shack burro is great !
a decent place to learn poker , good dealers for a fun geriatric game of texas hold ' em .
best happy hour in vegas hands down . every day num $ num hookahs ! num off apps and drinks . amazing !
please leave your kids at home ladies
good food good service never busy . i always come here for the salad and the guac is a must .
i really like this place , however today the halibut was over cooked and thus became a bit tough .
yesterday daniel gukeisen of the gukeisen law group was convicted of manslaughter .
cheap diner with great service and plenty of free parking .
try the sliders !
help staff is rare . menu items are missing . parking is easy . think this is the last trip for us .
always fresh and hot and fast . great customer service !
i love there pizza it has to be the best pizza . there always so fast and nice in that store !
they have the best guacamole . an incredible menu , with an awesome value menu . i love eating here .
effing hilarious ! ! ! totally raunchy and did i mention hilarious ! ! need i say more ? ?
great food excellent service . i love the decor just a really nice place ... moderately priced
heaven on earth ! sandwiches are the best banh mi in town !
hands down the coolest shop in toronto ! what more can i say amazing menswear and service .
best salon in edinburgh !
great food , good prices ! good for hangover .
the views and atmosphere are what makes this place , and the food is pretty good too .
great place for beer lovers ! and their flat-bread pizza is a must have . i like the tractor .
ok but nothing special . ambience was like applebee's . food was bland .
great food amazing staff.hamed and nick really know how to give great service will be back again !
great food and always smiling service ! try the greek fries with your sandwich or gyro . outstanding !
yeah really not that good i don't like square fish patties kind of suck fry's were good though
they did a good job on doing my nails and they are fast and very detailed in their work .
i have been seeing dr . rodriguez for about a year now . he is pretty thorough and courteous .
here on business , craving lox , theirs is very good ! bagels were perfect ! friendly staff .
food was good . atmosphere was better . sierra's service was the best . sierra has earned a spa day .
got me off to the right start for equipment very knowledgeable ! ! !
fast service . they stand by their work . highly recommended !
great happy hour ! i recommend the fish and chips and wings ! service was great !
great atmosphere and service . food is too spicy for me but that's my problem .
marty the manager is always super friendly and makes a mean carmel macchiato
best new mexican in arizona ... easily .
love this place ! yummy baked goods ! their scones are to die for !
iced coffee = hot brewed coffee + milk + ice cubes ( you need to ask them to give you some )
great service and amazing food . i love their cheeses , steaks and wines . definitely a favorite .
yum - get my curry fix here ! i love the location too . this time , i had chicken and tofu saimin .
i would probally get a pizza some other time .
i got a good haircut , after having a botched job at another salon . thanks bunches . lesley
great service . cheerful staff . steak burger was good . hawaiian concrete was so tasty . large booths .
i would not go anywhere else . the people here know what they are doing . they are absolute experts !
sexy ! ! hot ! sexy !
lovely little cafe . you'll find amazing soy / coconut lattes
food was fresh and delicious . try the slut with a side of bacon ... it was so delicious ! ! !
loved the service and variety of dishes ! food was good quality and service was impeccable
food ok a little pricey but good . it is probably a better spot if you like to drink
friendly staff ! ! free breakfast . comfy bed . smoking rooms ! ! all in all i'd stay here again
this is our champagne brunch standby . great food . sometimes the wait is off-putting .
good food great prices ! ! always fast friendly and on time ! love this place and the staff
great service . spent a lot of time finding the right shoe
i love this place ! the workout and people are really amazing .
we love this place she gets the hawaiian and i get the hula burger . great place to go in summerlin .
i went to carmen and i got the best cut and color and she is so professional
see my other review . the place is great .
your typical chinese food buffet an adequate selection . crawfish are small though when available .
simply amazing ! adventurous menu ! great vibe , friendly local service ! must visit in town ! !
i am a big fan of this place . they got it right . pho is wonderful . price reasonable .
best pho on earth ! broth is fantastic ! place is always busy ! but it's worth the wait ...
my favorite pizza in the world is ... the casanova . always get great service here as well .
rose milk green tea w / boba is incredible !
excellent customer service was provided . highly recommended . solved problem very quickly .
forbidden rice bowl ? ? ? dee-lish ! ! !
awesome she let me have a free pair of sunglasses , lol
ate here last night , just about finished my dinner when a roach crawled on my table . dirty
so prefer this over the super center on decatur . ready to navigate and well laid out .
amazing place . get the tomyum soup , curry crab , and lamb . pricey but worth it .
so far , it's the best tacos i've eaten since my trip to mexico ! !
ok ! the new place is beautiful and as always everyone is doing a great job ! ! ! love my nails 4 u ! ! !
worse cheese burger i've had in awile ! mcdonalds is better . no worth the price ! ! never again ! !
the oxtail soup is what keeps us from coming back to this place everytime we visit las vegas .
food was pretty good . great patio overlooking lake wylie .
excellent , friendly service . easy and convenient to work with . would use them again .
phone service atrocious , short , rude and uncivil . i will not deal with this store again .
sooo good i love the everyday special its so chipper and they give you a lot i can't even finish it
the best pretzel bread sticks ever . soft with that salty crust . delicious steak sliders too .
beautiful small salon with friendly professionals who really care about clients and hair .
place is great - but get there early in the evenings . it'll get busy .
worst place new machines . machined where down . lines are long . worst bank ever for a credit union .
shit we almost considered getting a 2 bedroom here . not after the rat stories . thanks people
cool atmosphere , awesome roof-top deck , great beer selection and the food was ok .
nachos made with american cheese . really ? well , maybe it was cheese whiz . good guacamole however .
2 stars for open late feature and good ambiance . the burger was awful ! dont even think about it !
despite what the listing says here on yelp , attire is casual , not dressy .
free ping pong and pool . little more pricy than other bars but not bad for scottsdale .
this store is okay but don't bother trying to call they rarely answer the damn phones here !
fun clean place
discovered an awesome.place for thai food . very small place , however the place is welcoming .
very tasty chicken and broccoli in the dark sauce . huge portions . yummmmm .
its yogurt , about num flavors . nice and clean place .
a waitress sees me on yelp and immediately offers me service ... horray ...
she is such a nice woman and does amazing eyebrows and henna ! definitely will be going back :)
do your self a solid and skip the strip . this is far more affordable , fun and unique . i love it .
i had a beef tamales plate . it was yummy and the service was very polite . i'd eat here again .
really over priced and did not like the customer service . i tried once and wouldn't go back .
love nick's . food is great , portions are large and very filling . service staff always friendly .
amazing service from sagar , very professional and helpful ! i recommend this place .
gotta love this place . great bartenders and food is awsome too . very reasonably priced too ! ! !
great spot for some good quick healthy food . they also let me take my dog in the patio area ! .
standard thai . great communal table setup , make reservations or you'll be waiting a looong time .
some of the freshest and best subs i've had . the beefy cheesy is rad .
haven't been here in while . the place has had a lot of changes . i like ! i will be back soon .
had a 3 sandwich order . they got num right . they accidently gave me pastrami instead of roast beef
we ordered take out . i had the country fried steak with sausage gravy . it was yummmy .
yummy desert
can't beat the price . good food . we go here 2 or 3 times a week . staff is friendly .
love this place frash cheap and plentiful . the help is very nice and helpful
great food and service . huge steaks
i was pretty disappointed , this is not a good korean bbq place at all . chakos for the win !
great park for sports . a few playground areas . nothing really for walking or jogging .
these guys are great . best a / c service team in las vegas !
amazing pizza ! great for a snack to keep you going on the casino floor .
woohoo ! as good as it gets is right on the mark with steve !
good . fun . great service for fast food . not in my top num for burger joints .
this place is great . like all the tacos but coffee braised beef and peking duck are my favorites
they need to get rid of justin ... just plain rude ! !
not a very good bang for your buck . the steaks at the keg are far superior in my opinion .
best vegetarian pizza ever ! ! ! this place is the bomb !
some really unique hard to find items . lots of selection
the waiter brought a bloody burger to me ... ugh i asked for well done ... this is not good
manassah is the best ! she did amazing on my lashes yesterday ! definitely will be back to see her !
great local business . works with left field brewery too and my husband and i love it .
crowded but well laid out . security moves fast and lots of good shopping for kids at home .
great convenience store .
this place never have peanut butter to be served . it's always being cleaned whenever i call
best mexican food ever . please open one in scottsdale ... i will eat there at least once a week .
friendly and intelligent staff . awesome atmosphere . drinks may be expensive but worth every penny .
garbage customer service . the old-school tickets and cash worked much better ... no headaches !
awful service and extremely dishonest in quotes . manager won't call me back to discuss !
i i love this place i came down here high as hell with my lady and my dog.bomb ! ! come now ! ! !
i just do the quick washes and it is perfect to keep my car shiny and clean inside and out .
great place in a nice atmosphere . service was great they brought me food and refills !
worst auto bell in town . do not go here . it wasn't even decent enough for one star .
eric is my new tech ... and he is awesome ! ! ! so happy to have bulwark taking care of my home !
just coz its close to home , so its easy access for decent neighbor food delivery option
food was great ! i just didn't feel like i was actually in greece which is what i was looking for ..
visiting from out of town . food was generous , well priced , and tasty . fast delivery too .
the 3 kind sashimi and ton katsu was great tasting though the prices don't match the serving size .
good food / service / price . its like a fancy dennys or carrows .
great southern bbq comfort food . service was attentive and fast . overall good experience ! !
the food is made fresh with good portions . i had the pork gyro and was pleased with the quality .
as a continued customer for over 5 years great service as always with affordable pricing !
very good pizza , gladiator pizza was a favorite
worst place and service to go . server and manager extremely rude . unpleasant place to be at
wonderful atmosphere , reasonable prices and an extensive menu of various cuisines and noodles .
and toasted tacos with cheese num . and mason jar drinks num
best coened beef sandwich in cleveland .
always a winner ! great food , great service and a lively atmosphere .
i love this place . great breakfast ! the service is always fast . this place is a great little diner .
concept good , execution not so good . tuna was fishy , beef was dry ... won't be going back .
great value here . seated quickly , great and friendly service and good , casual food .
best restaurant in town . enough can't be said about their amazing food . truly fine dining .
great people .. great service .. the best flavors in arizona ... five star vape shop
great burgers , very reasonable prices . .. cold beer . they also have daily food specials .
like the food when they have it available ... twice no caesars chix and tonight no carbonera
the $ num / oz for the tap tables has become $ num / oz . we went from a real bargain to a real drag .
awesome brews !
refreshing coffee shop . friendly staff and good coffee . elvis bagel is a great go to .
super fresh sashimi . attentive service . creative dishes .
yummy moscow mule , no copper mug but still tasty . worst sliders on planet earth ! ! ! terrible !
outstanding lunch buffet . have eaten numerous times .
grew up on camps ... best sausage toppings in the area ... hoagies are also tasty
i ordered the baja shrimp tacos and they were cold , what a joke ! i will never come back here !
love the drinks . the ambiance . the servers . can't beat it . love this place . great for groups .
thank you keri for a fabulous manicure and pedicure .. so happy i found you , will definatley be back
after a long flight , last thing you wanna do is wait an hour plus for a reserved car . ridiculous .
great as far a shake shack goes and a strong representation of the brand right here in vegas
only came here for drinks , nice place . big screen tvs , games are located downstairs .
dirty cabs . rude , self-entitled drivers . from now on i'm taking uber .
service always great ! fungi pizza is awesome if u love mushrooms !
very prompt and thorough . they also inspect for termites . we've been customers for over num years !
customer service here is a shit show . go to the marriott instead . rooms are nice , but that's it .
o m g ... vanilla butter pecan iced latte with a hint of caramel ... need i say more ? ? ?
good service . mediocre food . rice was undercooked . probably shouldn't order seafood here .
friendly staff , good food , delicious wine . yes please :)
best pizza and ravioli's and cauliflower and . . . and ! ! ! great way to celebrate my birthday !
wasn't impressed at all today ... came in for my sisters birthday and it was horrible ...
great idea for wedding favors ! ! ! amazing customer service - you can tell this guy loves his job ! !
good sandwiches and friendly staff . not much in the way of soda . lots of coffee to choose from .
store bought potato salad . microwave eggs . store bought waffle mix . hugely disappointing .
good donut with nice staff . cronut hits the spot and they are nice to the little ones .
small friendly place good service too .
this place is awwsome ! so spicy ! margaritas are bomb an service is so fast ! highly recommend
amazing karoke , fun bar , great people , reasonable prices
best soft shell crab ever ! jared was our server and he's so awesome ! very accommodating and nice ..
bam !
this is good option . i have had tea at steepery ( closed now ) . i like taro flavor here .
now officially my favourite restaurant in edinburgh . fantastic food and no-nonsense service .
party in your mouth goodness ! quick , yummy and nearby ... best combo ever ! great find !
love it here . the mornin monte is delicious ! it's a cute little hidden gem in chandler .
gandola and the white pizza are the best ! delicious ! friendly staff and affordable prices
greatest place in las vegas ! ! ! great service ! great food ! super nice for families ! affordable .
good bagels , but a little pricey .
they groom my dog fitness perfect everytime . love this place . been going there for 2 years now !
wonderful sushi , prepared well , with their own interesting rice mixture . definitely would return !
great food great delivery . on time . i got the beef salad and the tom ka with shrimp ... super yummy ! !
superb meat shop and panino bar . the best steak sandwich plus so much more . a must try !
love this place ! their stake and eggs at an awesome price ! the bloody marries are pretty yummy too !
my australian shepherd loved it and the price was very reasonable !
great service and nice staff , , , cheap drinks and expensive food but good
decent bar food , decent drinks , and decent service . comfortable , clean atmosphere
pretty dank
i like this place . their delivery is superfast and the salads are huge
poor service , high prices and small portions wish gabriellas was still there
i have had the best oatmeal cookie shot here . there is no comparison .
it was a really long wait when i went . the matcha cappucino was really good !
beef soup has no taste ! broth taste like water ! so disappointed !
long time customer , been shitted on . no pizza and where were the god dam noddles ! ! ! ? !
excellent indian food . even though it's little far from the strip , it was totally worth it .
i love marshalls , always great deals there . it didn't take long to find what i was looking for !
that is all .
meh the music could be better . very dead for a saturday night but snake pit is pretty cool .
dr desanto is amazing ! he's kind and patient . one of the best doctors ive ever had .
a great place run by great people . the selection was excellent and prices aren't to steep .
fresh food ! sometimes the fried rice is over fried . great customer service and generous portions .
always on their a game . doctor is excellent ! glad to have him when my wife was pregnant :)
update : soda now tastes delicious . they must have put in a purifier .
awesome service from my new service person tyler . took over for adele and i am still in good hands .
personally , i like the food at the great dane much better than at the old fashioned .
very good . tastes fresh . great lunch specials . excellent vegetarian options . i will return .
almond croissant is perfect ! crunchy outside , soft layers inside , with not too much almond paste .
owner was super friendly and the dogs and garlic fries were really good . will definitely go back !
very good sandwich shop . small lil place but great sandwiches .
wow , amazing . i went to tony . this place knows about reflexology ! soooo good . so so good .
this is the best yoga studio in the valley . best teachers , cleanest facilities , friendliest people .
cookies are very bland / boring . maybe they are better with the ice cream ? ! wasn't impressed ...
amazing vibe and food is fantastic ! enchiladas are my favourite .
ed was courteous , professional and thorough . i would recommend forge mechanical to anyone
great ambiance , great fresh food and caring staff ! great way to start your day or improve your day .
food was excellent . very attentive and friendly staff . warm and inviting atmosphere .
not a fan - why is the bread so hard ? i would love to enjoy a sandwich without injury . ouch .
this place is comparable to buca di beppo . definitely for the masses .
at first i did not care for their service but they persevered .
great space , great sound , great owner . best place in phoenix to see a band .
absolutely smashing and very flavourful beef rendang and traditional roti . took it for takeaway .
fresh , cool setting . i like the format of this place and i think it's a great place for lunch .
huge selection of craft beers and cocktails . great appetizers to feed any picky eater .
island sushi is the best , great customer service , best place for eat all you can sushi
omg i got rashes , waxing from here :'( will never step that side again . ever !
num out of num . one of the best meals i've ever had in a restaurant . crazy crazy crazy good .
the warm soup is pretty suitable for the winter
can't get anymore delicious than this ! get the buffet . you will find my words wise . you're welcome .
i highly recommend confident tire and car care to friends , family and coworkers .
dammit the foie gras chawanmushi is to die for ! ! !
good environment . love the greek fries . i haven't had much else . also it's a pokestop !
amazing salads and rice bowls . also love the soup . huge portions an really nice , quick staff
definitely try the vanilla and caramel flautas so good
very helpful and friendly ! great prices ! will definitely be back here for all my vape needs !
prices on web site not accurate . got manicure and it was just ok but not worth the high price .
hiked to the turtle peak ( 4 hours ) , quite fun ! saw many did rock climbing on the red rock !
best place to shop , especially for specialty items . please add a location in central phoenix .
food is pretty good .. it was reasonably priced . can't beat watching num sports screens at once !
love the new tilapia burrito . fish tacos and salsas are always fresh and delicious as well
soo goood . i can't believe i've just found the place , been living in the area for years !
love the new location ! don't go for happy hour , though . not so happy . very limited selection .
every thing is excellent from my margareta to my food , great service , friendly clean , luv it ..
one of the better meals we have had in the highly priced and pumped lv
our food was very enjoyable ! ! ! salsa was extremely good too ! ! ! tortillas were fresh and delicious !
typical tex-mex chain restaurant . average food at reasonable prices . service was good .
good food and service . enough space to host birthday parties and family get together lunches .
very good , first time here and we'll be back . arroz cob pollo is great i highly recommend it .
manager was nice to credit pizza after arriving two hours
finally in charlotte ! ! loved . bonchon in d . c . moved here waiting for bonchon . yay ! ! ! so good
freddy was great , friendly , nice and very helpful . next time i break down , i'll call him .
love this place ! ! the food is always amazing and the waitress that is always there is great !
first time here and thoroughly enjoyed it . love that the buffet has vegetarian options .
tried the uni linguine which was very good . the desert with the tofu was very good too
skip the main course and go right to the happy ending .
the mirage needs to wake the hell up !
always love cb , the country ham is fantastic . it's like crack .
cheap , satisfying , and quick . they're even open late . perfect for any college student .
love mary and her team ! they are always so helpful and willing to go the extra mile ! !
delicious , authentic mexican food . excellent service the music amazing . love this place
the tasty food , budget friendly , great service , friendly staff and nice place to eat .
huge beer list , good food , friendly service
best collection for phone and tabs accessories and the cheapest rates for all repairs
daryl was the best server i have ever had ! he deserves a nice tip every visit
i got my hair extensions at rejoice your beautiful . renee o'brien is the absolute best in az ! ! !
descent fish tacos but their ceviche had fake lime juice ( the bottled kind ) those were only ok
love this place . good portions , conveniently located and just awesome .
great atmosphere , amazing largest chocolate fountain in the world . sculpted desserts-beautiful
outback contacted me about this complaint and made it right to our satisfaction .
mmmm , good . it's like pizzeria bianco but without the wait .
very friendly , very fast service , delicious bagels , all around great delicious breakfast .
love this place ! cassandra absolutely rocks ! staff is friendly and love the location .
name changed to el segundo sol but website remains cafebabareeba.com
its ok ... num
very delish ! the happy hour was great ! nice place ! shrimp scampi was awesome !
totally excellent small restaurant . savory crepes . friendly owner .
the roasted veggie salad was great ! pizzas are always tasty here as well . quick , good food !
great new staff and beautiful renovations to the entire complex !
a must go in the phx .
great stuff
love the demo sessions during lunch and dinner time !
seriously ? ! ? was quoted at $ num an hour . i just need a simple oil change . would not call again .
consistently positive experiences at the yul national rental location !
korean / asian grocery . small but a little bit of everything .
great authentic mexican food ! ! ! service was excellent . definitely would come here again .
had the mexican burger great flavor and juicy . great service ! ! !
justin and the crew did a great job ! ! arrived and completed work on schedule .. thank you
got some ice cream . received excellent service from james ! will definitely be back !
amazing buns ! the wonton chips are a tad too salty but i can eat this all day , all night .
great burgers . don't judge a book by its cover . this place is slammed on gamedays for a reason .
the pancakes were wonderful - we will be returning on our next lv visit ! !
great environment . food taste great . lots of options to make your own bowl / salad / burrito
i got teeth veneer completed here recently , very happy with the service , and i love my new smile ! ! !
got my gold fixed and cleaned . clean job . owner of shop is very nice and funny .
we have only seen frankie three times and look forward to coming shows . absolutely the greatest ! ! !
i don't always eat meat , but when i do , i prefer gaucho . stay hungry , my friend .
great prices . everyone is friendly and professtional . free refreshments with your services
if nothing else , order the cowboy bites . burgers were good and employees were lovely .
great pizza , cracker crust , you pick toppings , made fast , tastes great ! also , reasonably priced .
great texas style bbq in arizona . lots of great food and not that expensive .
entertaining from beginning to end ! ! ! best slight of hand magician ever . comedy , magic and heart .
always fresh and friendly , staff stays right on top of things and the kitchen is always spot on
everything hole in the wall is awesome ! ! from food to music to ambiance . period .
very fast service . fair price . great environment . will come back
cheap and quick eats . worth the value . friendly staff and interesting ornaments on the wall .
delicious food ! the portions are great and the price is right . definitely give this place a try !
complete wastage of money , food was horrible and my entire family was disappointed .
great social bar . beautiful transition and service is fabulous . must stop by for yourself .
pizza was just so-so but a great escape from all the casino and vegas strip craziness .
love the local honey vendor and gary's produce ! ! seriously , gary's peaches are the best .
love ruby tuesday's . endless salad bar , ftw !
super fun place and the people are so nice ! parking is a little tricky but totally worth it !
so delicious ! i come here daily because i can't resist the red bean walnuts hodo kwaja !
it just needs more country music to be played !
3 tacos + a bean soup = my favourite lunch in the city . get the carnitas . you won't regret it .
beautifully hotel and great lounge . nice place to grab a drink
best local pizza spot by far ! owner is always on premises and food is great . true ny style pizza .
doesn't get better than their lunch special . also the scottsdale roll is worth a try .
great lunch special . food was fresh . place was clean . service was ok but could be better .
so happy i chose this place for lunch during my day in charlotte . fun atmosphere and great food !
the food was very mediocre and at these expensive prices i just can't give a good review
good selection but can't hold a candle to the neighbors
i love the hand breaded chicken strips ! ! ! always fresh food , gotta have it
always the best kebobs and lamb chops !
the bobbie was a good call . good ol thanksgiving leftover sandwich . pretty nice portions too
good food . nothing fancy , but always tastes good . large menu , lots to choose from . fun decor .
what a great place for an express pedi ! great staff and great service ! highly recommended .
wonderful sushi ver much more on the traditional side . worth checking out if you're in pittsburgh .
the hostess ruined our entire experience .
best it company in town hands down . very knowledgeable and reliable . will use again in the future
wings are delicious ! i enjoyed the spicy atl dry rub its pretty spicy but the flavor is great .
the revamped peanut butter pie is amazing ! !
decent thai fusion restaurant in birkdale . nice decor with outdoor seating area . fun bar area .
ignore the menu . order the chilli chicken on rice . you won't be disappointed . trust me .
not great service no sign that they don't take cards for under $ 5 . bartender not helpful
great place for tea drinkers . modern space , clean , friendly service . pumpkin tea latte was awesome !
my dog has never felt so soft or smelled so good ! ! great place , great staff and prices !
great service ! delicious food , wine and yummy fresh bread ! we'll definitely be coming back :)
had a black and green burger ... yummm . hidden spot off the strip . you must check it out .
janet was great ! straight forward gal and did an awesome job on my hubby's hair and goatee .
good place to grab flavoured tofu . they only accept cash . they also offer cane juice .
salmon with truffle . pretty darn good .
best sushi in all of toronto ! very fresh sushi and the grilled black cod is to due for .
they truly care about the well being of your furbaby !
best waffles in the history of waffles . such an interesting place .
very nice hotel . clean room , pleasant staff , great breakfast . i'd stay here again !
been coming here since they opened , great food , service and affordable . family friendly
great mole enchiladas . comfortable , modern patio . had a great time here this afternoon . thanks .
nearly a legend in champaign-urbana . great atmosphere and super food .
great place , always clean and friendly staff and they take good care of my baby " mia "
i love this place my husband love the quesadilla all pastor and i get campechana ! !
dr . shah and his team always provide excellent service . thanks !
garage pizza . the ultimate yinzer experience . i visit every time i am home :)
needed a drink asap . grey goose dirty martini $ num . yowza . service was quick and friendly .
always love coming here ! friendly staff and always something fun to discover .
was a great meal frenz felt the potato were over seasoned but overall it was some great eatz
great , cheap chinese food if you're in vegas . they give you free broth / soup as a starter .
they have the best bagels . i really mean this , you can not get the same bagels in california .
went during the day and the food was pretty terrible and super dirty place ... not the place for me !
this is my favorite restaurant ! great service , good atmosphere and fantastic food ! ! !
this place has great hassle free service not like other services they keep there promises
mandatory num % service charge which there was barely any service ... food is soso with weird sauce ..
food is good , you get your food fast also . great environment . also many beers to choose from .
pretty good food for the price . buttt the workers are always rude or seem pissed off .
awesome dark & cozy little dive bar . i'll definitely be back !
darn , i worried that they are closed and the phone number does not work today ...
well as the last brick and mortar store i shopped at ... have fun in bankruptcy . amazon prime ftw !
quick service . good prices . beef noodles are always fresh . can be quite noisy though .
good food but it's too pricey . they do takeout and have decent servings . love the rice pilaf .
mmmm ... wednesday is chicken taco day . only num cents ! !
fabulous ! the food here is amazing , and the happy hour is the best in the city , hands down .
overrated . burgers are dry . not worth the price .
i asked for no pico ! and they give me extra ! sucks when ur home already and hungry ! ! !
don't eat here , warmed over leftover food being sold . take a look into their kitchen .
yum ! food and service was great ! busy busy busy on weekends !
nice night out experience . sky show , concert , drinks everywhere , souvenirs & casino . fun night !
literally the best burg ( h ) er i've ever had . delish ! a total must if you're in pittsburgh .
a must visit when in charlotte ! food is fantastic and great location uptown .
short rib fried rice is outstanding , great little spot you may have to wait but it's worth it .
best pulled pork sandwich . the whole thing is so soft and tender , melts in your mouth .
basic , there is much better in inverness , nice views though !
this place has the best flower ! edible hit the spot as well . of i could i go every day
first time here . great service . food was delicious with every bite but not quite filling .
great experience working with the team at cloud num windows . i will be using them again ! great job !
fresh fruit smoothies with real fruits ! great ice cream too ! authentic mexican in vegas !
good food , serviced could be improved a bit - would appreciate if servers smile more
this place is good . the owner and staff are friendly and the food is always consistent .
nice place . love the birds . food good and reasonable . not fancy but good . great staff
very authentic , great service . drinks were delicious ! meals were served very quickly .
all kinds of stuff , overpriced , but gotta love the cafeteria style
the team did a great job and next time i go to move , i will be calling them .
food is ok ... very over priced thoo for some tacos , good spot for a late night meal when ur turnt up .
just ok , there are much better places on the strip for a good dinner .
the tacos are amazing and so are the chips and fries . the atmosphere is laid back .
i love this place . great service and awesome ramen . the dumpling appetizer is delicious .
love this place . friendly and talented staff . great service . clean environment . my go to spot .
i just ate the most amazing , best-tasting biscuits & gravy in my life !
arizona and the num is the only location that makes my drink correct every single time ! thank you ! !
bang for buck pizza , you can't go wrong . very cheap and you get a solid amount of food .
this is best korean bbq in vegas all fresh meet and service is faster i will suggest come here
new fall items on the menu--their grilled romaine salad is fabulous !
family owned great service and prices
their grilled chicken salad is awesome ! grill salmon is so fresh and has great texture !
wow , amazing . fresh fish , great taste , amazing value . too bad they don't have one in la
i just had to have one , so i ordered the classic chili dog , it was what i expected .
good southeast ( viet inspired coffee ) . good house coffee . cute space . will come back .
reliably delicious pho the staff is always very nice and also efficient ! thanks noodles ranch !
love this park to enjoy with my son and dogs . lots of space to run around and great playground too .
always clean , always fresh .
salted carmel nut bar ... yum !
great num hour spot and nice for games . clean and comfortable with good service .
great beer specials on mondays but the lighting was bad and the menu is hard to read !
fast and tasty subs . the customer service is great .
good , quick mexican food . made to order . fresh salsa & chips . great guacamole . good prices .
they take forever to get your juice ready . the taste is great but pricey and super slow .
good selection of golf shirts in the men's department . go figure .
consistent , and love how u can have num % sugar !
had a sneak preview of their wines and was very impressed . looking forward to their grand opening !
cheezebuhguh ! cheezebuhguh ! quite an entertaining bunch of employees at 4 a . m .
what can i say , the burgers are fantabulous , the custards are the bomb !
great place , great service and authentic italian fare . the fresh bread is outta site ! !
been to natomas , elk grove and here . the fact it is familiar helps getting our sons haircut easier .
the maple glazed cake doughnuts are a must try !
very nice ambiance , terrific food , amazing service , all at great prices .
pork belly tacos and the pappardelle ... amazing !
the trifecta is three tasty little burgers . love the fries to . the also have really good breakfast .
pools ! ! room ! ! nice place ! lots of fun ! ! the pools are allot of fun ! ! fun fun fun
great service and very clean . close to home and always coupons . like the photo department
please listen to tim , and nate . trust me run away from this totally incompetent person
great place for parties , family outings or hanging with friends ! !
excellent shakes and creative flavors . will go back to try different ice cream flavors .
very nice hotel , environment , staffs , service and facilities . i will be back to this hotel again .
i have to laugh reading the other reviews because i had exactly the same experience .
thanks julia ! again a perfect cut and color ! will post some pics from my big event tomorrow :) .
great steak and sides , big fan . pricey , good for special occasions . service has always been good
fast and delicious food . everything is cooked over a flame so you get the real bbq taste .
got my pedicure done by lisa . she is so good at what she does . i will come back next time for sure .
awesome people , great customer service and super cool products and ideas ! ! !
had chicken tacos for lunch . it's fast and inexpensive .
great customer service ! loved all the office staff , everyone was very helpful !
dosas here are delicious . can vouch for the lamb curry .
excellent food ! very authentic taste along with a great presentation . homemade guacamole .
breakfast in downtown ... the line and wait is worth it . wish they had a bigger place !
great service . great sausage and broccoli pizza . staff is always friendly and helpful .
this place is great ! local dive bar feel . i always have a good time when i come here !
great product , excellent service , great installation . i would highly recommend this company !
the service is always great and so is the food ! love coming here . keep up the geat work !
very tasty food ! higher end mexican food for a pretty good price .
great shave hot towels and menthol shaving cream even cleaned up the back of my my neck
tried it . not interested in trying it again . better spots nearby , red white & brew is hard to beat .
the food was delicious and the portions are a good size for the price .
lyle is extremely honest and his company does an outstanding job . i would recommend this company .
very clean and professional . super cozy salon ! ! ! nice staff as well very caring people .
great salsa . great food . great service and great prices . i could mainline their salsa .
nice owners got an emerald crab here and he's still doing good nice selection of fish too
not enough variety . hard to find all the items i want . needs a makeover .
love this place ! it has a lot of wall art and good wifi
great customer service and the nicest cars on the strip . we had the time of our lives
genuinely good , friendly people serving up some bomb-ass tacos on the cheap .
if you like scotch , wine , cigars , and / or pipes , you owe it to yourself to pay this place a visit .
i ilove the car
4 of us waited num mins for the coffee , got up and left , totally ignored the whole time .
make a better salad bar , and cook meat a little bit longer
great service ! took a lot of time with us , had what we needed , and gave us inormation for later .
total shit . charged us $ num cover and then no seats for us . will never come here again .
food is very good . service is usually pleasant and the price is very reasonable for the quality .
counts kustoms does not stand behind their work , i'll never own another vehicle made by them again .
staff was decent , doctor was in and out very little contact not very informative very rushed .
a lot better than the over-rated lotus of siam ! !
i love these resorts , from florida to vegas ... they are nice and huge !
i love this bakery ! the cupcakes are always amazing and unique and the staff is super friendly !
quality , if overpriced food . nice decor . good service .
best i'd give this place is a 3 * . everything was sooo salty . note to p.f.chang .. back off the salt ! !
great buffet , but slow to refill food items . melissa was a great server . must get the orange juice !
stay away . this guy is a bad person and a bully . not going to help your dog either .
cool concept . liked the quesadilla options best . salsa is subpar . jerk chicken rice is good .
tonys pizza is fantastic , it is alot of food for your moey and true ny style pizza it is wonderful !
this store has either closed permanently or moved somewhere else .
deep dish is the best ! great prices too . if you have not eaten here yet , go there now !
good food , huge servings . decent service .
my iphone num screen and lcd was replaced and work great ! i'm very happy with the repair .
just went back to big o tires on gibson for an oil change . great staff . thanks again guys ...
love bree and she's now my go to girl ! ! very through and kind ! ! i can't say enough good things ! !
large selection of seafood . delicious sushi . pleased that children under 4 years eat for free . )
tried this since close to home ... very nice inside and the pizza was good and service ok .
excellent quality ... great service . ... chris takes care of you ... great happy hour prices .
loved this lil local dive ! ! amazing burger and nice cold beer !
close to the airport , and the food is fantastic . @ruggynyc you have to eat here !
one of the best days week having a massage and facily on the same day .
just more the same really . nothing special . the service was good , friendly and pleasant .
just alright . btw they did not honor the num % off yelp deal either .
been going here for a couple years with my family . otaku has best sushi in the east valley !
anthony was awesome ! i love pieology , love pizza but can't do dairy . no problem at pieology .
great food food at a reasonable price . a good find not to far off the strip .
$ num bucks for four average cones at best . a mitchells or graeters blows this place away .
not much by ca standards . asked for a very common dish and they don't even make it , yikes ! !
love this bar . all the bartenders are amazing . the food is delicious . great specials .
yummy biscuits and gravy at a reasonable price . clean and cozy atmosphere and super friendly staff .
just tried this place for the first time and they gave me old sushi :( very disappointed
this place is amazing ! excellent food and wonderful service . huge assortment of meats and cheeses .
wonderful cheeseburger and fries . burger was juicy and cooked perfectly . will definitely go back !
the best massage i've ever had . i was able to get to a me dative state . thank you kathy
pizza was good but the spagetti was ok . nice place very clean .
toller friseur , super beratung und freundliche mitarbeiter . die haben echt ahnung .
long wait but amazing food ! ! ! the five spot sandwich , hash browns , and bacon was the best !
amazing place . this place is very respectful knowledgeable and knows what they are serving
great food , fast service and awesome margaritas on the patio made for a great lunch !
beautiful store . excellent customer service . wonderful selection . vickie is terrific and helpful .
best breakfast in town cooked right in front of you . best fresh homefries .
food is great ! try the shoyu chicken with the adobo fried rice . :d
my favorite place for sushi in old town . the earliest happy hour ( num ) i can think of .
the sushi was deeeeelicious ! ! ! super secret good ! i was surprised cause it was a hidden gym
the sales people is poke with were very helpful . i was able to buy the book was looking for .
delicious food , friendly people and fast service !
kane was an amazing help today ! ! good is so delicious ! ! ! i recommend the teriyaki protein bowl :)
food is what matters , and it was top notch .
expensive but the food is great and the drinks are awesome and different
probably the best italian food you can get on the south shore . brilliant .
angenehme location , die pizza ist ganz gut . freundliches personal war allerdings nicht zu finden .
firecracker shrimp app - great
i bought takeout . food was good but not fabulous . i would buy there again .
this place has a lot of lanes ! lots of fun ! ! ! not to mention josh at the counter was a great help !
best , honest , fastest service you could ask for . dana puts customer service priority 1
poor service .. the server named andrea was very rude .. the place was even far from full ..
i like us airways because they simply fly where i go .
real nice , friendly service ! ! chicken strips were ok ... a little dry ...
bell continues be one of the worst service providers of any kind anywhere . just sayin .
outstanding service . num old daughter got ears pierced for her birthday .
fantastic meal ! best pad thai we've ever had . great flavor and presentation . we will be back ! !
i got the doppio pepperoni pizza and a small greek salad . it was great . i'll be back .
i like phoenix its clean and classy . i dont really have much bad to day ... but nothing stands out .
i have officially waited too long for someone to pour soup into a cup and hand it to me .
love this place . i go a couple of times a month . i generally get the massaman curry . delish !
bad quality ... $ num shoes completely wore off after only 3 months
not the greatest , but i've stayed at worse . my view is a homeless encampment .
best pizza , best ceasar sald , best cheesecake and outstanding staff ! ! ! go go go
the best tacos in the west valley . try the ribeye
their burgers are amazing ! also their whiskey sours are made proper ( with an egg ) . staff are great !
best pan roast on the west coast . long lines though ..
awesome workers i would come back had my order out in 2 minutes this is place worth coming to
absolutely love sri and amy - the new location is super convenient and easier to park too .
guys , seriously this place is amazing . great people , great place to buy / sell / trade / play !
cleanly place . was satisfied with the bowl of pho i got .
bad experience . seemed like she was very proud of herself . lastly , didn't give my dl back ...
only reason to come would be for the games , boobs , and beer . the food is bleeeehhhh
i frequently order in from this place . i love their chicken biryani . very affordable as well .
choices : many - food : delicious - service : spot on . going back : definitely !
chilli chicken was phenomenal .
been here way too many times to count ! food is amazing and the service is always quick !
to one of best in the charlotte area . great food . the show is great but the food makes this place
dropped in for lunch today . great food and service . sweet and sour lunch combo was on point .
as good a steak as i've had anywhere . service was flawless and the old school ambience is for real .
best bike shop and hang out spot in cavecreek ! hands down .
loved it great went when calvin harris was there deffinetly worth it it was packed but great ! !
we loved it . lots of healthy options , hearty portions of fruit , and all around deliciousness .
xl carne asada burro-has never been this good anywhere - words just describe how good this is
so far i am impress with planet fitness ! it clean and lots of machine to use .
oooooooh the quebecois crepe was so goooooooood .. ! merci merci !
just tried their soup and wow ! i never get tired of this place !
nettes business hotel . w-lan inklusive .
hole in the wall . super cheap , portions large ... but location is super dusty , greasy and dirty .
expensive and not very good don't waste your time or your money go to noodles and company
definitely try the malt vanilla and chocolate chip ice cream !
i am a big fan of the stuffed mushrooms ! had some pasta meals that where not all that great though .
try the quebecois pizza they have you won't regret it ! fast delivery and open until num !
loved the pinball hall of fame ! it's a great time ! $ num will last you at least an hour !
excellent service kyle grone ! ! ! i appreciate kyle and chapman ! best service advisor ever .
i love this place . all the stylists are amazing and talented and the manager trish is so sweet .
great service , great work , cares about workmanship . highly recommend
great place to get connected to well managed volunteer opportunities . i highly recommend them .
great service and tasty food . prices were a little on the higher end but would come again .
wonderful place to get foot spa done with my friend . best foot spa in vegas , they do wonderful job !
love how its in a hidden hallway with no signage . great pizza both red and white sauce . must try !
came in around num on a few different nights . good bagels and hot chocolate but cashier was snippy .
there muffins are awesome ! banana nut is my favorite !
oh my favorite cupcake in town ! ! ! you must try her chocolate with vanilla frosting :)
ive worn glasses all my life and have been to a ton of eye dr's but dr meharry is the best !
food is great . service even better . as long as you don't mind stepping over people's dogs .
great selection of pasta and delicious appetizers . the happy hour deals are really good as well .
very good barbacue , went in and had some rib tips and hot links . very good sauce and service .
been coming here since it had its original location . love the jade red chicken quesadilla !
just check out these baby's ! ! chrome nail polish plus matte design the staff did a great job ! !
outstanding food , great service . very nice staff . the pho is amazing ! they will customize .
pricy but the beer is cold , it's on mill so be prepared for drunk kids everywhere .
definitely overrated . at ~ $ num you would expect a wider selection of quality foods .
we had the feijoada and pastel de palmito and it was all very good !
love the chicken and seafood rice cakes with added cheese and ramen . portions are generous as well .
the best tacos and tortillas . definitely one of my favorite places for lunch now !
so so good ! fun atmosphere ! a lil over priced ! but still high quality delicious food .
not what i was hoping for . will never order again ... wasted $ num on food i threw away .
great coffee , pastry , juice . good for people watching . good for meetings . fresh ingredients .
first time there and the food was good . not crowded which i liked . fast device and large portions .
it's way too loud in here . i prefer the central ave . location .
worst pizza i've had it's insane how they managed to still stay open
you should go once every season to experience the beauty , majesty and power of nature !
consistently neighborhood-dive-bar food . inexpensive , good wings , great happy hour .
hreat service department specially victor , he has been very friendly , polite and trustworthy .
this is the best sushi place ever ! ! ! the price ( ayce ) + great quality = amazing ! ! !
a much needed pub and restaurant in a fantastic neighborhood . nice beer selection with great food .
i have tried a combo , salad & sandwich . all food is good . boss & staff are courteous and friendly
this is a roberts but multiplied by num . besy habanero hot sauce in vegas . friendly and fast
not good for uscwe got the dairy free sorbet but my daughter reacted to it really fast
best mexican food and strawberry margaritas in charlotte . great cheese dip , tacos , and fajitas
excellent place to get new tires . fast service and great prices .
said it was open num - hours on yelp , but it wasn't . such awful custom service . do not go !
great great happy hour ! fun atmosphere ! great decor and best garlic edamame in the valley !
knowledgable and caring staff . well stocked and neat .
service was terrible and food was over-cooked . might have just been a bad night ..
the absolute most blah service ever ... good luck finding a waitress .. nice atmosphere
yummy food . general tso's is pretty decent . egg drop soup is very good .
first time here and in vegas . very good service a d food ! awesome view of bellagio and fountain !
so excited to have an oregano's up north , great lunch and katherine the bartender is awesome ! ! !
food was decent but service was awful and not worth the long wait and unfriendly / snappy waitress .
one of the best meals i've ever had in sin city , if not the best .
heck yes . their carnitas give me life ! ! !
fun atmospshere , delicious food . the macarons are awesome and allergy friendly !
a great new spot if you like good music and great drinks , this is the new spot in chinatown ! !
this place is really weird in regards to the menu , but i had an inexpensive breakfast here .
we'll be back !
it has a great atmosphere and really yummy coffee . i've only been once but i'm sure i'll be back !
solid food , small place but we'll worth the trip ... turkey was fresh , so was roast ... a plus ..
i typically eat here after a night of heavy drinking . it's good
good meal for a decent price on the strip . line moved pretty quick and fries hit the spot .
this place is great . andy one if the managers is helpful . will continue to order pizza there
one of our favorite places in pittsburgh . the food is always amazing , fresh and healthy .
love this place bolognese terrific greek salad is awesome fish and chips great lamb is terrific
very good food and service . a great place to watch sports !
worst customer service . always makes excuses to not pick up trash . if you can avoid , do it .
food is ok but no service , wait a long time . num % tips not worth .
spicy fries are good and cheap ! friendly service and cheap beers , so overall i am happy .
san felipe's is always fun ! great environment and awesome live music on the weekends !
better to see cirque du soleil's o - everything by cirque du soleil is worth the money and time .
portions aren't huge but it is very flavourful and the coffee is good . i love the sandwiches .
pad thai was dope . great service , excellent recommendations . date night approved for sure .
as far as toronto goes , this is great sushi . the place is nice & the service is friendly & fast .
good espresso . wifi , space , people , water , music , vegan muffins .
stay away ! very dirty floors and carpets and smells like a barn .
hosted a group of customers recently and everyone really enjoyed the meal and service .
close to my house so it's convenient . always clean but nothing special . just a regular target
never have a hostess wait 5 minutes to get noticed poorly managed that's on a to go order !
tons of fun . i sweat my butt off and the kids had a blast . wow , i'm out of shape !
pizza is good but when compared to the original i feel it falls short but not bad was worth a shot
very stylish club with good food and drinks !
excellent food , perfect views , romantic ambiance , and great service .
hex is amazing ! she helped me getting a new phone & she explained everything very well !
great company . superb service . love it ! !
breakfast / dinner are both great .
most polite staffing and best jive turkey sandwich i have ever had . ! ! ! coffee always top notch .
best sangria i have ever had . nice change from ordinary las vegas chain restaurants .
buffalo chicken tacos are the bomb ! service is fast . love it ! will come back for sure .
terrible . if you want burnt coffee and dozens of fruit flies to swat at during breakfast come here .
nico , is wonderful ! ! ! ! he is great . took his time and was gentle and his work is great ! ! !
great food , great service and damn clean restrooms . noodle bowls and stir fry are great .
excellent food and will definitely come back next year for spring training from california
great food , friendly employees . i definitely recommend . the salads here are to die for .
nice place to go for a walk through . never know what your gonna find .
pleasantly surprised by the hybrid . thoroughly enjoyed my experience ! loved the food !
love this place to refill our tank ! fast , convenient , and decently priced !
the prawn vindaloo is " to die for " . this is a great little restaurant :)
got a complete new look done by asuke . he's awesome ! great skills , pay attention to details .
general sao chicken is tasey , zestyand spicy . portions size are good . nothing to complain
chicken buns werent good . egg custard tart not good . ham and cheese bun not good .
the quintessential biker bar in north phoenix . support your local cave creek crew ! ! !
simply the best wings in town ! ! ! nuff said =)
awesome non-smoking pool hall . very clean and comfortable with great happy hour specials !
mmmmm really yummy and super cute . open when everything else isn't . i love the super nintendo .
best thai in concord , hidden gem for sure ! always consistent , service is always excellent .
really clean , nice people , and the vegan pho was great ! my new favorite pho place for sure ! :-)
great food , love the delivery . really helpful , nice staff . our favorite chinese in charlotte !
good food . high prices .. breakfast and lunch
love the little , hidden away cafe . great food and wine !
worst mexican food i've ever had . try taco's el gordo .
this place is a little sketchy-looking but they make a mean gyro and for good value ( $ 5 ) .
omg all i have to say is get the mac n ' cheese pizza . ( mic just dropped )
wonderful gift boutique , and fresh produce , a little pricey , though !
love the place and the people , amazing ! ! ! i keep coming here , it's clean and an amazing workout
there the fastest plasma center in las vegas but i hate this place wish i could go back to biomat .
they have wifi . i am moving in and living at crema for a few months folks .
we will always come here . num % honest , fast , and great prices . a mechanic you can rely on !
beautiful food , great ambiance and coffee - had an awesome latte ! thank you ! can't wait to be back !
neat looking place , service is decent . didn't order to much food so will go again to try the food .
connie gives us great service and the place is very clean . great prices and selection
great authentic mexican food . reasonably priced items , what i order at least . love their chips !
great food and great prices . new location is a little smaller but the food is still awesome .
great wi-fi when i was in town . really made my vacation to vegas better .
i love the quarter ! especially the nike store
don't order the lake louie warped speed . it comes in a shot glass . food good service ok .
always a great mexican restaurant ... the salsa is perfect !
fantastic hole-in-the-wall locale with excellent staff and a basil pesto that is nicely balanced .
food was comparable to ruby tuesday's . don't let the fancy wording on the menu fool you .
nice staff . helped me find all the parts i needed and made sure they were on properly .
they charge a $ num per day " resort fee " to cover in room wi-fi and all i can pull is num mbps .
portions are huge and food is delicious . pizza neapolitana is amazing and not to be missed .
you just can't beat this location . they really know customer service and great food .
i wouldnt stay there again for that reason .
italian beef is great . be warned if you get it wet with cheese it's messy !
num attempt . just because my son like b their pizza . they don't care and plain out suck .
excellent sushi tacos ! i love this place . i also had the poke bowl . a hidden gem in oakland .
great taco salad , superior waitstaff ; we live out of state , and can't wait to get back there
oh , my what can i say ... the best sushi ... clean , fresh , and awesome price for ayce ! ! !
super supper service
food was good and service was pretty quick . would recommend giving it a try .
really good food , nice atmosphere , and very friendly service !
great work at decent prices . i can highly recommend jt .
great food and customer service . nick is always friendly and remembers returning customers .
we love this pizza - even though we are from chicago ! ! great service ! ! ! the cannoli is amazing !
the chopped salad made me a believer in raw vegetables . fantastically good .
their coffee and donuts are soooo bad , but sooooooo good ...
num % of the time this place is out of the soup of the day by num pm . very frustrating .
it's num degrees outside turn on the damn air conditioner . and your soda taste like crap .
best sushi in town and great service . i love seeing a family owned and operated business .
i just love the way this casino smells when you walk in !
great place to go when tacos el gordo is too long of a wait
great customer service ! good job on car wash and will take care of anything needed if not !
nice hotel but the beds are pretty firm the wife and i both slept like shit !
by far my favorite japanese sushi place . hibachi chicken with noodles is my personal favorite .
loved everything about the place except the whistling bartender . very annoying . please stop .
this place was very good . waited about num minutes before sitting down but the food was great .
they need someone able to better converse in english answering the phones .
a nah . overly priced for such low quality food . nuff said .
after a little missed communication on time of appt . our vehicle was cleaned perfectly .
dereck was perfect , great conversation and best cut i have had in a while . i will be back
ra sushi is a good place for quick but good sashimi , and sushi . the bento box's are great
david and his team were amazing . they did an amazing job and was quick ! i highly recommend them !
we had a good time . drinks are reasonable and service is fair .
great pizza and garlic knots , awesome service . i wish they delivered !
fine wine and fabulous cheese ! best in cleveland . highly recommend .
num review ! good stuff :d i love their sushi , even thought the wait was long , it was worth it .
just heard from joan at the library that they now will be open on mondays . great news !
i miss this place . :-(
ok cupcake . velvet topping is not soft
awesome ! food bar and atmosphere is great ! ! ! lobster ravioli and the bartender was my favorite .
sprint salesman are worse then used car sales man .
every time i come here it takes num to make my sub and the place doesn't even be busy ... smh
ramsey was amazing.did a great job.would certainly recommend .
i crave this place way too much !
awesome venue , staff , experience ! i'll be back very soon !
awesome , authentic , tasty , we lived in sonora and their good is spot on ! stop by there !
the steak seems getting smaller but the flavor is still there . the texas chili bowl is tasty
great bar for cocktails and nightcaps with friends . service can be slow if they're busy ...
best white pizza in town ! fresh ingredients and unusual combinations make this a winner
super super happy with my new hair thank you a millions carmen ! ! you did a awesome job ! !
the food was awesome ! ! ! my num time being here and i'll be definitely coming back for num ! ! !
i'vr tried bubble tea from everywhere and this is the best bubble tea hands down . gotta try it !
einfach und gut
always busy but worth the wait , good service , good food and consistent !
the best karaoke bar ever ! ! clean , great sound system , great service and very attentive staff .
newly renovated inside and out . staff is very professional and nice . definitely will stop by again .
super slow ! ! ! if you are in any kind of hurry don't go here .
the maple jam and bacon burger was great and lisa g was incredible . her service was second to none
good little sushi spot ! i'd recommend it to anyone looking to chow down on some sushi
we had our rehearsal dinner here and it was amazing ! ! i love the old theater feel ! ! !
great value , friendly service , best place to stay in tempe . jaclyn was awesome at front desk .
absolutely the best ! ! ! try the house special pizza and finish it off with some sesame cookies ! yum !
nice course , beer & food specials everyday . i live in highland creek and it's very convenient .
great pho ! cold green tea was rather flavor-less . cool atmosphere . would definitely return .
best bagels in arizona ! yummy sandwiches . great service ... always smiling & friendly
food and drink . staff very nice however a little bit slow showing and attending to the customers .
room was ok , service was average , not a bad hotel on the strip ...
my least favorite ramen place . i'm just spoiled by really good ramen in my home town of portland .
mmmm , very good food . this is a restaurant to not be messed with ! i will return hungry for moar ~
earl is my boy ! hands down best sandwiches ever . can't go wrong with chicken avacado .
love coming to this location ! it's inside safeway . the baristas are always friendly to me :)
best cinnamon rolls ever . cute , relaxing atmosphere , yummy food and friendly staff .
great place . seriously .. doesn't look like much ... but it's the best car wash in town !
good pepperoni pizza and their gourmet grilled chicken salad is really good and large .
sashimi , peking duck and a robot noodle chef ! ! this buffet was worth the price of admission .
another great taco place . haven't had a bad meal yet . staff is friendly too .
always a good place to catch a movie . happy to find somewhere good that is close to my friends
always fresh and ready for the pastries and bagels . the staff is very helpful and polite .
for my money this is the best mexican in las vegas .
very upscale cigar bar . great sprits but it comes with a price but all good things do .
we ( my husband and i ) walked in at num pm on a friday night , and were worked in , they were great ! !
always great food and service . very happy to get you exactly what you want .
their lintel soup and rice is the best ! a must try . cute atmosphere and warm friendly service .
great carne asada tacos ... real authentic ! !
ordered lamb sandwich without bread and lamb flair was outstanding
great views great service i love it here one of my favie places ;-)
love it , this is an excellent studio ! fun and challenging ! teachers are wonderful and very caring .
best latte ever ! good place to study or meet with classmates near uqam ...
indistinguishable between other locations . good good , price and friendly staff .
fast and efficient service . zach did great job . thanks michael .
they saved my vacation after budget did so many things to ruin it .
it may not be the " best " sushi in town , but it's so much fun . potato mountain rules ! great value .
i like it ' cause it printed on shinny heavy stock paper . weight + shinny = street cred !
always love to go this place . nice family owned restaurant and very good thai food and people too .
my fav hotel + clubs in town = all in one place . period !
faustos always has great service and amazing food . i'm glad so many others like it as well .
burgers are ok . service is horrible . hostesses are mean , unfriendly . line is long num mins .
amazing thai food . i mean , whatever is in the tips , just order those things .
awesome ! the sushi is the bomb ! and you get so much food ; definitely worth your money ! ! ! go go go !
pathetic eclair . shame to be in a french hotel
great lunch spot ! see candace at the bar ...
stopped here a few times for a late dinner . always satisfied with the service and food .
by far the best tzatziki and souvlaki i've ever had ... enough said
best authentic mexican food around ! love the atmoshphere , too .
note : cross reference w / bobby c's cafe . they still have the ninja bowls .
sorry i put this on the wrong restaurant ... i don't know this place at all !
true hakata ramen , the broth is delicious and so was the yuzu sherbet . what's not to love !
authentic northern-style vietnamese food that hard to find where else .
definitely recommend iride amazing customer service for all your transportation needs !
went for lunch ! amazing - great service & great food . esp the chicken tortilla soup , yum !
ruby tuesday is the shit . great food . great servers :) pretzel burgers are to die for !
great coffee and croissanten :) very nice people working there ! great place for a morning coffee .
our new groomers ! so happy with the way our dog looks and everyone was so nice and warm .
great food and great people - ern makes the best bbq - truly spicy and cooked perfect .
they never return calls . poor customer service . awful company .
great food and service every time . huge shakes . we've made it our before a family movie place .
great drinks and terrific food . the best cheese curds in town . the mac and cheese is amazing .
gourmet food with superb service . decor is a num ' s bogey movie .
completely awesome very innovative idea ! cartel coffee . go support this local business ! ! !
awesome bbq ! we visited for the first time last saturday . my only issue was the dine in area .
dont eat here ... just got food poisoning from their shrimp last night
i had chicken biriyani , not good at all , waste of money .
this was my first visit . kaylee did a great job on my hair . i am very pleased and will be back !
unique approach to toronto fashion . good buying and love kin , their private label .
ordered a crab meat with udon noodle in soup . it's okay , but nothing special .
amazing fish tacos , great service , and dog friendly ! and $ 2 taco tuesday !
the food was really good and we got an extra slice of pizza for free ! will order from here again !
ok nothing to be impressed with here . id rather eat at filabertos !
the hong kong waffle is worth the wait . make sure to tell them to make it a little crisp .
i had such a great meal here ! cute little place . great pizzas ! good date night spot !
absolutely the worst service i've ever had . i would never darken at the door to this place ever .
hidden gen inside the mgm . near the food court , unassuming gourmet bar food . amazing .
good authentic mediterranean food - portions are nice sized . hidden gem .
worst bbq i have ever had . too much salt / pepper . you could taste liquid smoke in the brisket .
get the won-ton soup , it is fantastic . one of my favorite places to eat .
best gyros in town . better than messini ! try lamb , chicken or pork . you won't be disappointed .
super clean fresh fish ! ! best sushi i've had off strip !
it's not busy but the sushi was really good ! ! !
i wish they stayed open later
love the pizza here , nice place love the decor . good staff and we didnt wait long for our food .
the shrimp fried rice was rice and soy sauce plus shrimp . not good . seats are all torn up
dr . wurm is the best ! so caring and likable .
amazing as always and the cast of characters are fabulous . the food is great . no complaints ever .
love this place ! great music , great drinks and yummy hookah flavors .
$ num for 3 shrimps and 2 scalops . very disappointed in the serving size . see photos !
administrator kirstie is rudest person i ever met , but dr . kristin horvath is professional dentist
most def a 5 star place . they do know how to take care of people here !
refreshing place to eat . the prices are reasonable . portions are huge so you may want to share
great food and service . we had to wait a bit on the weekend but well worth it .
nice place .. great food . friendly service . . love their zucchini fritters . kid friendly . .
got me in and out for my mmj card renewal . easy peasy .
thank goodness steve wynn is a vegan ! my favorite restaurant in lv now !
we love maya ! ! ! the entire staff at metropet veterinary clinic
friendly , fast and reasonable . very nice family owned business .
ashley is a great waitress and nick makes some fantastic food . will definitely be back again
peanut shells at your feet . loce this type of bar feel . darts . billiards and golden tee . yes !
never to be disappointed ! the staff is kind , and the tom ka gai is out of this world !
takeout at tako ! horrible . awful , thick crusted shriveled tempura . quality has gone downhill .
die pizzen sind sehr zu empfehlen .
stanis an absolute pleasure to work with for all my jewelry needs and he is reasonable .
half the flights are canceled and they don't make any effort to accommodate their customers .
cant wait to try their lunch .
love the interior design ! their turkish coffee is decent and the atmosphere is perfect .
super delicious crawfish etoufee , jumbalaya and gumbo .
love this location . plenty of seating , great energy and amazing food . prices are great
friendly people , great food , clean & inviting location . couldn't ask for more .
my eyeliner and lips are still gorgeous after num years . it is so great not having to put make up on
dare you to find a more consistently excellent restaurant . meals are a steal in my opinion .
my wife and i were there yesterday and watch the movie in the recliners awesome sound system
worst kfc in scotland , very greasy and nothing near as good ad others i have been too .
painless treatment ... i couldn't believe it ! must visit simply skin las vegas
the beef tataki and fried chicken are simply devine . the prices and service are also excellent !
it's hit or miss with the staff ! ! food is good but service lacks ! ! !
i just got a hot tea and to be there with friends . gkkd easy service and welcoming atmosphere
staff cares .
huge portions , food not bad , but not good . plan on splitting an entree . nice ambience though !
best mexican food i've had in years . great location . very reasonable price for food given there
amazzzzing ! the adobada tacos are a must ! affordable . convenient hours and location .
very good pollo and green chili burrito enchilada style ... yum !
was rushed in for a quick updo that came out great and lasted all night !
finally checking out lou's ! the pizza was as great as expected and our server danny is the best !
great . loved every part of our experience with dr . guerra .
food was fast and good ! the salad was amazing and huge ! ! tristen was awesome and friendly !
great people , great cigars , great coffee , great music . get it ? this place is great .
eva is professional , talented person . hudson and eva are great team . they both understand beauty .
food has went down hill rapidly very greasy and soggy used to be luvly only nice thing is the sauce
the food is terrible . service is ok . be prepared for a high school reunion .
this place is awesome ! ! ! fun , nice and friendly staff . great food ! ! ! great ambience ! ! ! a must !
over priced . the only bar in gilbert over charges ! ! ! don't go here . save money and go to tempe
love the vibe here . i've never brought anyone here that didn't have a great time !
so yummy . the margaritas were very powerful . awesome ambiance . exactly what we were looking for .
why do i always eat here ? food is just okay . expensive and very slow service
bad bad all bad no wheel chairs and still waiting on pain med's barely 1 star ! suffering
got lost in the sauce ! wow ! can you say finger lickin ' ? um , yaaaaaa ! $ num and i'm fully satisfied !
simple , easy menu . num time here . sandwich melts in your mouth , but is lackn a lil flavor .
we have been using fastsigns henderson for 4 + years . jean and her staff are great to work with .
sehr nett , sehr gutes essen ( ruhig mal den kellner fragen was er empfhoelt ) , preis / leistung passt !
lil hole in the wall but their pizza is really , really good ! cheap too and they deliver .
always great service on my vehicle . love this location . my car is always well taken care of here .
chicken burrito and beef burrito
not much selection at this store but i love the atmosphere its chill and easy to shop at .
super friendly and knowledgeable i called because my daughter got bit by a venomous spider !
their cupcakes are really good . the icing wasn't over powering , it was a perfect blend .
not too much to love or hate about this place . traditional mexican fare for the masses .
a good place to catch a chicago bears game and food and service is pretty good as well .
this place is so good ! ! everything is so flavorful . tacos are the best . and the papa loca bomb ...
great folks . got me back on the road in two hours flat on a sunday when my exhaust line snapped .
very good store . very friendly people love the juice . will definitely go back very soon .
the pharmacy is great all the employees are freindly , prescriptions usually done in an hour or less
one of the best plus everyone is so polite and nice . i love the chana masala and naan .
pretty good food . they don't deliver but the portions are huge ! nice people who run the place .
one of my favorite places in lv . best mongolian beef . you should try ...
jeff at l . p . scuba is the consummate professional . i highly recommend both he and the shop .
2 . slow service
best salad of my life ! been here twice , num and in num . both times , amazing . that's all ! :)
a little raw in communicating but she always gets the job done and has great installers .
true rest is the ultimate way to relax ! add to that the physical benefits , and it's a home run !
great good and good people . the food is not as authentic as i would like but good for uptown .
beet salad , all the nigiri , foie gras chawan-mushi was soooooo yummy ! great service too !
5 star with no comments
great show for any adult . i was crying from laughter . vip front seats is the way to go ! !
i love this place . all seven meats are amazing . this ain't your regular whatever-a-bertos .
first time to dino's and have to say , it was a blast . great people and i'm coming back .
don't let the strip mall location and dodgy / sketch exterior fool you , this place is good stuff !
bbq heaven ! ! ! with a side of mac and their amazing hush puppies and my belly is so happy .
this place sucks balls . full of pretentious fucks .
decent selection but a bit over priced for their steaks . great service and relaxing ambience .
lea is great and awesome ! explains everything very well , thank you ! very well recommend :)
dr randall is a nice dr , friendly staff , helpful office with great results .
a great hotel for those who want to go to vegas , but can't stand the casinos and the smell of smoke
great customer service , jerky very pricey ... a liitle hard for my taste ... idk ... ok i suppose ..
we love the food at this pub - - and the crafted beers are awesome , too . we go there often .
hibachi taste without the price . chicken was dry but the shrimp aka yum yum sauce cancelled it out .
we love the lodge at grand teton ! great wings , great service !
amazing sangria . try the bacon wrapped dates . they are the best .
great service , fresh and amazing food all for a great price . what a gem
best kbbq in las vegas . has everything . next to a boba place too . this place is perfect .
pricey but good . i haven't been here in num years , so that should tell ya something .
this place is not open until num as stated . i was looking forward to trying them out .
great atmosphere , awesome service , and karaoke every wednesday and thursday !
great staff brandon excellent service nice environment recommend this best gym ever ! !
food was delicious . service was great . will defiantly come back . free mimosa with check-in too !
the basic classes are good for a beginner and intermediate students . very calm atmosphere
i can't believe this place is in vegas ! you must get the pear cider !
service is good here most of the time as is the food , seldomly have issues with slow beer delivery .
food is kind of pricey for a late night joint in vegas .
always great food with low price . once you eat here you will never like thai somewhere else .
a great place to start the night and / or end it . drinks are cheap and the bartenders are funny .
incredible sushi restaurant . nick is a fantastic manager and will really take care of you .
great breakfast , and the service is amazing . you don't leave hungry thats for sure . yummy stuff ...
great cuban food . service is uneven and there are often long waits for food .
beautiful facility , friendly staff and clean ! plenty of parking and a decent selection of classes .
awesome food ! ! ! good , friendly service . perfect for a cheaper breakfast just off the strip .
simple food and wonderful ambiance . the nachos are yummy ! definitely worth trying .
car wash is amazing and the owner and staff are just as friendly as can be .
i love this place , always have . the lamburger is amazing ! rasberry wheat beer is so tasty .
disgusting . filthy . gross . and the sub was mediocre at best . lesson learned . never again .
wild salmon-wich is the bomb .. bread is some sort of crab flavored biscuit
excellent spot for lunch . squid tacos and kimchi fries were fantastic !
ryan was prompt , efficient and courteous . i highly recommend pop a lock !
i love the joya shoes very comfortable . i love this family owned store . awesome comfortable shoes
fantastic shop ! great gifts and very helpful staff
it's your average starbucks . decent amount of seating inside and outside .
the breakfast barito needs to have real eggs in it at $ num + for chips , real mexico coke . sad
scott did a good job in some drywall repair , very responsive to emails and request .
adobado burrito . five bucks . open num hours . ' nuff said !
awesome patio ( and super cool indoor seating ) for enjoying a coffee with a yummy pastry .
good music and quick service , what else is there to say . the seating are is nicely decorated .
always a fun place to go treasure hunting .
great food love the spicy meat ball :)
i had there apple pancake all i tasted was eggs it was disgusting . i will never come back here
terrific dentist for a family ... great with kids .
good breakfast . fast and delicious . very cute spot to have a coffee date . staff was friendly .
as with every twc experience , this one sucked too .
we've used ann road for num & dr bullard is the best ! i would recommend this place hands down
ken is great ! he's professional , knowledgeable , and courteous ! his service is highly recommended !
the place is closed and now occupied by the crafty jackalope bar & grill .
amazing facial by christina ! ! def 5 star service . can't wait to return ! ! thank you ritual spa :)
pretty expensive . but , fun for older teens and adults . this exhibit goes pretty fast .
stay far away , katrina does not return emails , and she has missed 4 trial appointments .
best authentic caribbean food in charlotte .
kinda skimp out on the portions ( especially meats ) but c'mon its chipotle its still good !
excellent food and the staff was extremely friendly . pleasant experience all around .
apparently best ice cream in town . i was told worth the detour .
very cute place and excellent tea selection . leslieville is very deserving of this spot !
love it here ! ! ! late night eats for the hubby & i ! ! ! great happy hour specials ! ! !
real indian food taste ! liked bombay style vada pav ! very welcoming treatment and nice people
i felt the stress of the world lift off my shoulders as i walked in the door . i love this place ! !
my families been going here for the past ten years . one of my favorite steak houses in lv !
i guess the newness has worn off . tenders are just ok , fries ok .
rude staff over priced food was a total fail for a venue
went there before the grand opening , food was great , staff was friendly , overall a great experience
very tastefully and thai hot . excellent service , will be back forsure :)
omg , oh so good . gives me gas and makes me tired after lunch , but it's well worth it .
good food and nice seevice . the juices are great too . the chilaquiles are my favorite so far . yum !
i chose croissant aux almonds , which is great , would like to try more .
best and worst bar in charlotte , nc
i'm new moving to newmarket and first time here , horrible and won't back , forget their sushi .
dr . berg is wonderful ! has really helped me with my ms using acupuncture .
pretty good food for lunch time . i definitely recommend ordering on-line to avoid waiting in line .
distraction if you're trying to gamble but awesome if you're just chilling and having fun ~
david and friends is an excellent beauty salon with great prices . ask for lori v !
my favorite sushi spot . great food and atmoshpere .
came with my bff and hubby ... stingey on the wine but the food was good . we were all stuffed !
these are incredibly addicting . the end .
service was great , was seated right away . our server andy was awesome , the food was good as well .
bam
i will forever dream of that $ num summer truffle risotto ... my god , it was glorious .
place is bomb ! we're pizza lovers and this place didn't fail us at all . we will definitely be back .
best doctor provided all the information needed to make sure the lap ban surgery was a success
fantastic comfort food and really friendly staff . the sandwiches are all very good .
great little store . if they dont have it they'll order it for you .
amazing food and awesome local beers on tap . we will definitely make this one of our regular spots !
thai lime ... keep up the good work ... nothing but delicious food !
best damn tacos in the universe - now they just need to add delivery .
really good indian . got the chicken tikka and it was awesome . great naan too .
very easy to find . seafood place with reasonable price . we enjoyed both the mussel and steak :)
the best i've been to . i was very satisfied with my nails . i would refer everyone i come across .
traditional sushi menu . nice place inside .
i had the decadent chocolate sundae with chocolate ice cream and fudge topping . yum ! ! !
thoroughly mediocre chinese food . could have gotten the same thing from a random mall food court .
awesome food . service is a little slow but delish ! ! ! the pita bread and hummus was awesome .
great food and atmosphere . service was good too . would definitely come back again if in the area .
love this place . buffalo chicken breast on a pretzel bun was amazing . love the atmosphere too !
great selection of quesadillas and other mexican dishes , including funky drinks .
danielle is completely amazing . she is a genius with color and cutting / styling long hair ! ! !
how much money for a big ball of bread with a . num inch thick layer of meat on it ? no thank you .
really good food , but it takes forever to get your food . still worth it , though .
it's a nice bar . they make a solid hendricks martini . that's it .
guinness , murphy's , smithwick's ... what else do i need to say ... out-freakin'-standing !
see a real gentleman named mike anderson who is in my opinion a real decent car salesman .
i'm sure their other food is good too but i'm here for the ramen ! :) i will def continue to return .
fantastic ! wonderful food , reasonable price ( num ) , quick service , great decor and pleasant staff !
pretty delicious . easy to find location and the service was good .
my coworker are awesome ! got me a twin dragon burrito . super ono ! can't wait to eat here again ...
another great hair cut from my man craig at elliott & co . most professional barber shop in vegas .
food was good the variety of tea was great and the mango tea that had gummybears in it was sweet ! ! !
i like their shack burger , the food is on par and the place is clean and the employees are helpful
this place is simply amazing ! the good is so good , priced fairly and it all tastes so fresh !
great , friendly , speedy service ! always my choice ! thanks guys !
stacey is professional and friendly . have been going to globe salon close to ( 4 ) four years .
omg i am so happy with my hair ! ! no one but lou will be touching my hair from now on !
great food , great drinks , as long as you dont mind same sex couples , you will enjoy this place
i wanted to love this place . beautiful interior . wayyyyyy overpriced for mediocre quality .
best mani / pedi spot in tempe .
great place to go have a drink and get some good food . lariat burger or hot pastrami is the best .
the pollo romano was great ! i ordered a side of sauce to dip it in . the service was awesome too ! !
chips and salsa were great . excellent food and service . we'll be back for sure !
angie my sales person was awesome .. love my mattress , great , professional , experience .
cannot improve perfection , good people , great service ... num ford explorer sport
cheap cheap cheap food , tasty but the wednesday margarita special is awesome !
just enjoyed another bacon breakfast burrito . it was delicious
food is great , servings are huge , owner has got to be the friendliest person i've ever met :) num
drove by so many times . tonight , i stopped , good idea .
rosita alvarez really took the time to help me out she's amazing ! and i didn't have to wait long
great coffee and service as usual . the customers here continue to amaze me with their idiocies !
food is bad , and their in house beer is mediocre . go for the atmosphere , not for what they serve .
i have never had any issues with my food , but there is a long wait time on weekends .
lady was nice , transaction was quick . num minutes total for my title change . not bad for the dmv .
having dined in many countries fine restaurant , i would consider host to be in " good " category .
best pizza in toronto . expect to wait a long time for a table , but well worth it . great service .
best overall ramen in toronto but i believe kinton has better quality meat
i am writing this on behalf of my num year old son . " this is the best froyo place ever . "
i like their hot pot , because the material is so fresh and the taste of soup is so so good
this place was excellent ! the hand drawn noodles were great and so was the fried rice .
im a fan of cora's ' waffles ' , nice people and service
consistently fabulous little italian gem . highly recommend it !
great ! food . yummy ... nom nom nom ... best bacon wrapped asparagus dipped in cheese fondue ! !
stay away from the service department here ! rude and particularly uninformed service writers .
simply the best ! ! ... there fast & customer service rocks ! ! ... would recommend to anyone !
i alway came here on monday pad thai and spicy basil was wonderful and staff pretty friendly
the worst chinese food ive ever had . i seriously dont think my meet was beef . scary
really good tex mex ! best in madison
nice little starbucks in harristweeters . like it very much
adorable shop on main street with unique flavors ( try the moon pie ! ) and delicious ice cream !
go here , get the burger , and thank me later . that's all you need to know .
great coffee , always consistent ! staff is very attentive and friendly .
made to order sushi is great . not your run of the mill sushi place . very innovative and fresh .
love their doughnuts . maple bars are my fav . coffee is always hot , service is always friendly .
was my first trip to jt's and i will be back . food and service was very good for lunch !
great tacos ! i love mexican food more than anything and their flavor in every taco is amazing !
great chicken and lamb shawarma from beirut express . beats the pants off a turkish kabab !
best patio in old town and extensive tequila list .
not crowded . has all the mandatory dim sum dishes . fast service . clean !
good service and better than average bar food . good place to bring a kid .
i love the sports book . not smokey .
love the joint .. no wait time and all the doctors and staff are always friendly and nice ..
great selection of frames and great attitude . my new favorite optical shop !
we really enjoy coming here . our waitress poom is so cordial and attentive with us ! ! thank you ! !
the food was good and the environment is amazing ! the chicken itself was really well seasoned !
great lunch choice . sandwiches made to order . not as fast as jimmy john's , faster than potbelly .
wanna be macs . even names of some items are the same . beer good though
ok food . not a good place for sushi .
unique menu options and convenient downtown location . i would definitely go back for more !
no complaints - and i loved the shitake mushroom sandwich ! ! great flavors !
best indian food i have eaten in las vegas
place was ok , staff was great but food was just ok , like a fastfood kinda experience .
ahhhhhhmazing ! super cute place ! great food ! downtown phx vibes but on the west side !
food was great . service not so much . time between num and num course was substantial .
will not return
the only adidas originals outlet store in the universe ! end of story .
friendly tellers , always good service
what a great menu and patio ... the commemorativo margarita is great ...
today i went back for a redo to get more layers . they did a great job and i am happy .
went on saturday with my daughter for mani / pedi - charged $ num ! ! ! really ! ! ! never again ! ! !
amazing and friendly staff with great breakfast . clean and fresh ingredients . highly recommend !
fabulous location with very helpful staff . i can't think of a better place to stay when in town .
herbal nails is awesome ! jessica always does an amazing job on my sns nails . love this concept !
love the specialty of the weekend brunch but i think they should add side of fruits to the orders .
excellent food and service ! great place for lunch on the patio . love their fish and fresh salads .
burger restaurant with a somewhat campy surfer vibe . food is solid .
wrote about the hotel instead of the restaurant by mistake . have not stayed here .
good desi food with good service . also like the prices . highly recommend if you are in the area
this place is super fun . we came here with a big group and bobby was so cool and took care of us
favorite stop ! great beer and food ! ! tiger fan friendly ! ! !
manchengo mac and cheese ! ! ! mix up orders though :/
tara is the best margarita maker in town ! ! and she's friendly - chad also rocks too ! !
really , it does exist ! the place is a bit dark . service was good .
don't come here sober ! that is all .
great steaks nice service . gets pretty busy though
dr . gallimore will put you at ease . his team is always friendly . the practice is kid friendly .
super fast and friendly service ! prices low and very willing to accommodate . ask for victor !
)
love it ! currylicious ! nothing bad to say about this place very authentic great spot for indian fix
yummy stuff ... had the x-large omnivore . fed 3 adults perfectly .
longest wait ever biggest dmv i ever saw so many people they were lined up outside crazy
the staff was great , amazingly helpful with the materials . very professional fabric store in town .
great food , the owner is an awesome guy ! ! i had chicken pesto panini with eggplant i loved it .
always good parmesan crusted chicken ! the seasonal sweet potatoes were very good as well .
amazing hamburgers , wings and caesar salads ! ! ! great service to boot ! ;)
prices are great , students are friendly , fun environment . i will be back again and again !
robin leach tapping a keg , fun and tasty chow
it was ok . place looked dirty . wait staff was slow to serve . would not return .
matt was absolutely amazing . the guy was a blur , giving expedient and excellent service .
awesome pasta with excellent environment :) chill and relaxing .. good place to stop by !
this place is awesome . amazing friendly staff . all you can eat for num bucks . go here now
great pizza and salad ! wine on tap ! lol . fast friendly service . great prices ! kids loved it !
top notch service , amazing pizza , great atmosphere . i loved it .
i really like mcdonalds , but i love mcdowell's
this location is too small . hard to move around when all the tables are seated . food is just ehh .
the car wash scratches your car . even if it didn't , it doesn't do a good job cleaning .
exceptional food , service and cocktails . we will definitely be back for another stetson salad !
awesome food !
service was good . the food was fine . no special " ambiance " . adequate . i'd eat it again .
hooray ! ! ! thank you to the top chef masters for awesomeness ! ! ! the halibut ceviche was astounding .
good beer , great burger , nice ambiance , service was special .
eggs benedict was awesome & the hallah french toast was delish !
awesome food with excellent service . a little spendy but worth it . drinks were great too
nice place for gta standards but their food was filled with msg ! good quantities though .
love this location , pretty good customer service food doesn't look old or ran through
nice place to eat and good food ! but nothing special more like a bistro in a shopping center .
i love oreo cheesecake blizzards . great service ! the staff is friendly and fast . thanks
ok chicken place in not really a fan but the food is good . and the staff is extra friendly .
open all the time . good chinese for what it is . could be cheaper but it's reasonable .
love love this place . awesome food awesome service . you will leave this place fat and happy ! :)
the staff there are very friendly and the online check-in app is awesome .
num hours , the miso butterfish is the best anywhere . good portion and a great breakasts .
danke :)
best chinese food that i could find in las vegas , and inside an ( affordable ) casino to boot !
excellent ! ! aria buffet is one of the best in vegas =) ( except the chinese section )
amazing service , amazing food , amazing environment . a triple threat to say the least !
great place for sushi ! and they have good chinese food but the prices are ridiculous
good pizza ... great price . try the philly cheesesteak pizza , it is amazing !
the chicken benedict , chicken waffle are really good but the hash skillet i wouldn't recommend .
pretty bad service and food . really ugly and rude waitresses , bad atmosphere ...
this is the best restaurant az mills mall has . the food is great and the staff is super friendly !
great waffles , good prices . options are a little limited on the toppings but all are high quality .
gave up on this location ! the staff are sooo slow and constantly mess up orders .
this place has a vibrant fun atmosphere with great food - latin flavor sushi is very good !
wonderful meal . love love it .
love their bobby sandwich ! have to stop here everytime we visit . so yummy !
great food from venezuela love love love the arrows with chicken . great for lunch or even breakfast
so damn good . love their salsa and burritossss ! fast service . mega sweet folk . and it's organic !
great merchandise , nice staff , good prices
best in concord area . super fresh and great service you have to try this place !
great pizza , i can't wait to try more . it's thin and crunchy ! just the way i like it .
match bubble tea . i've died and gone to heaven . a great little find in downtown cleveland .
excellent food but really expensive miso soup . can recommend unagi tempura roll ! oishi !
please look for louann for your server . food is great we ordered cajun pasta it was awesome
pizza has a moldy taste . chicken cooked to the texture of wood chips .
absolutely not trustworthy people . poor lads
they are so nice , and luckily deliver to where we live in kirtland . food is reasonably priced .
amazing authentic yucatan food . not your traditional " tex-mex " americanized cuisine .
super americanized chinese food . maybe i ordered the wrong thing ( see pic )
typical chinese takeout food , but a bit over priced
food was excellent . for the most part , the staff are very pleasant and respectful . would recommend .
randy was awesome . very knowledgeable about repairing power window issues .
good little burger place . not quite up to 5 guys or in-n-out burger standards , but close .
great yarn selection and really good coffeehouse food , too .
always a good time bar ! good food and plenty of booze ! will be back some day !
lovely stay , close to everything in cleveland . nice attentive staff , and peaceful surroundings .
martin , everette and t .. the 3 of them are awesome , friendly and professional .. good job guys ! !
great meal . traditional italian well done !
nothing special-just ok . staff could use a dose of personality . not a smile to be found .
the best place to have the worst indian food in az . absolute waste of money .
a roach ! ! !
beautiful conference rooms with comfortable chairs . delicious food ! ! !
love the place ! we've been coming here for years . wonderful food and atmosphere , and a great patio !
came for happy hour . sangria was fine enough . chips and guacomole were clearly store bought .
great facility . the family enjoys the pool but there's a lot to check-out .
first time ordering from here . good food , fast delivery . definitely ordering again .
walked in ... overwhelmed with cigarette smoke ... walked out
the vegetable tacos were amazing ! as were the fries with avocado dip . really neat environment too !
i've always had great service here . fast and friendly . parking's a bitch though .
this child care is no longer at this location . it has closed and a whole new center is there .
amazing , i did not think it would be that good since it's at an airport . but highly recommended .
beautiful decor , exorbitant pricing for what amounts to good , but not amazing or creative , food .
bad news ... this place is closed ! sorry folks ! no mas !
wow ! great tasting every time ! love everything i have ever tried ! highly recommend !
love the eggs benidict w filet mignon & crab omelet
it was great that it was open late in the evening it is a little to pricey for an average food
friendly staff , quick service and good food . we ordered animal fries and really liked them .
ahhhh this damn airport is so long ! ! ! it was never ending walk to our gate . - _ - haha , fml .
the food is great and the manager yanti is always friendly and attentive . thank you panda express !
love this place ! the best restaurant in stoughton and one of the best in dane county .
it wasn't as great as all of the reviews stated but the lady was so nice i will try it again .
good time at baja joes ... i love the chicken chimichanga . they have good margaritas too .
awesome selection of beers :) expensive though !
good selection of specialty products that are difficult to find in a regular grocery store .
food is always great tasting & consistent each time i order . definitely authentic tasting .
fast , friendly , and fair . best place for lunch in the city . the apples and yams are a must have !
fun place . my favorite so far is the birch beer
my new favorite place to shop for home goods and furniture !
funky friendly inside . best tempura green beans ever .. and don't leave without the donut dessert !
found great deals only problem was it was very crowded but that is to be expected at a mall
i want to like this place , but i'm just not there yet . too much work for such little bits of crab .
the green sauce is top shelf . portion size needs a little work , but all in all it is solid !
went for the breakfast open buffet ... speechless ! ! awesome ! ! ! will come back for sure !
absolutely delicious carrot cake
my favorite of the close targets . the pharmacy always goes above and beyond to help me out .
amazing greek food . calamari is the best ! george is a sweetheart and makes it entertaining .
i really like this place and the mongolian beef especially , why three stars ? it's fine with me ...
gotta have a coffee and donuts before we start out day ... great place
it's good , middle of the road vietnamese food . gets busy at lunch , so come early !
good coffee ! beats starbucks and there burnt crap they call coffee , friendly service
bah , don't bother . nothing is fresh
typical profiling bigot
hostess very rude ! she wouldnt let us sit at a table even though the restaurant was empty ! ! !
it's a must ! ! !
solid for the price ! wayyy better than little ceasers or dominos .
great location . great customer service . clean and spacious room ! good quality toiletries ! i like
yumi does the most prettiest manicures and awesome pedicures ! make sure to look for her !
its a really nice place the food ain't that good aint that bad either its like a num out of num
flavorful gyro , friendly service ... 4 stars due to being a little pricey and no spanakopita ...
best subs by the capitol . i love the meatball .
arnica and health foods ... all they need is an absinthe bar and they'd be perfect .
i'm only giving this place 1 star cause i could give it a zero . don't waste your time or money here
worst most overpriced place ever .. horrible food and inconvenient service . stay away !
love ... always on time ... easy to make appointments ... and most important ... kids love dr dahlke ! !
everything is just perfect , especially the banana cream pie , don't miss it ! ! !
amazing groomer ! best in town - if you own a poodle she is the girl to see .
scheduled appt . for estimate on friday july num , num at num ... no show , no call ...
jennifer ! jennifer ! jennifer ! she makes my sad poor brittle short nails perfect every time !
i love kettle corn ! they make it awesome ! i would drive for miles to get . yum yum
everything is great ! try the soup of the day ! we had chicken noodle soup , it is delicious ! ! !
absolutely amazing ! cured my balding progress . enough said .
very helpful librarians .
first customers at the new boulder city location . and everything was awesome . very happy man
$ num and they play music ! !
my wife's new favorite breakfast place . great food , ver friendly staff . i'll be back often
nice small local casino . went there to check out there beer . it was pretty good .
five stars for the staff and ambiance , two stars for hot dog ... it is good for a quck street dog .
the atmosphere is very relaxing .
great addition to the flats . tropical escape in the heart of cleveland . will continue to visit !
food was meh . fish wasn't fresh . rolls was sloppy . mussels was yucky . not recommended .
nice indoor-outdoor casual atmosphere but food was just average . service was average .
line up is crazy , place is small but it's worth the wait . call ahead and then pick up works best .
yumm is all i got to say ! quick and tasty somewhat authentic !
i like the sushi here it's really good , and benny the sushi guy will take care of you .
the best salsa and chips as well as grilled zucchini . their homemade tortillas are amazing .
love working my trainer spencer ! ! ! he is supportive and pushes me ! ! ! feeling motivated ! ! !
great food . almost all gluten free . wonderful service , above and beyond .
cute little yogurt shop ! good choice of flavors and toppings !
excellent staff . easy access location . prices better than leslie's . won't go anywhere else again .
this campus is beautiful ! grab a book , learn something !
great hidden gem in las vegas . everything is made fresh .
famous sushi is just as bad as yangs
love this place .. i go at least once a week . be sure to tip good num $ massage is very cheap ! !
much better this time on my latest experience on christmas day . my breakfast was excellent !
great coffee . nice atmosphere to do your work without fighting for a decent chair and outlet
fresh vegetables , variety of greens perfect
arona nail & spa moved to new location at num lebovic ave .
the food was amazing and the service was one of the best . thanks to our server melisa .
great place friendly staff and i love the selection . i really like the tea gelatos !
nayely was so much help and so nice ! ! everything has been great so far ! ! this place is great !
decent , busy ass crazy ! good service , chain seafood what can you really expect ?
overall the experience was not bad . i loved the belly dancer but the food lacked flavor .
dr . pettit is the best eye doctor ever ! so helpful and genuinely cares about your vision !
ana is the best ! only person that ever touches my eyebrows .
the best all you can eat crab legs . they are served warm with jambalaya on the side . great service
very prompt response with all the details i needed to make my decision .
a great place for a good coffeee ! check out the live bands or salsa nights !
says open on sunday's . not on may num . primanti bros . it is i guess . lock on the door .
very pricy for the quality of food you get ... definitely don't come here for the service .
also , vegan dessert .
great fries . pretty good gyros , but have had better . nice waiter . all in all good place .
every time we rent from enterprise the experience is hassle free . job well done ! thank you .
2 for friendly service . reasonably clean but the soup was so boring and bland .
loved the thali .. for the price it was good ! ! their paneer dish and naan were quite tasty .
tasty soup and nice milk shake ! try the rare beef ! beef balls aren't that good though ..
very nice staff :) . egg , bacon , cheese , with mayo on a plain bagel ! ! must try
feeble menu . mainly bar food . not very good .
it's definitely better than kyoto ayce :) and cheaper
this place is soo good and the staff members are really motivated and dedicated to their job .
i love this place ! cheaper than cafe rio and the service is excellent .
great little spot in an up and coming neighborhood . food and service were both good .
pretty good and close for ayce sushi . aaycd bud lights and sake too .
so much better then amy's baking company bakery boutique & bistro
best hamburger place in queen creek / san tan valley area ! ! !
if you don't mind expired food this place is for you . went to look at frozen meat it was from num
good place for when the bbq craving hits .
i am obsessed with this place . could eat here every day . definitely a must visit if in the area .
i wanted a bite size portion of cheese and mushrooms with cheesy goodness . didn't happen
yowza ! they deliver the best chinese food i've had since moving to az .
good food , proper name , good drinks , fast service ,
pretty good deal for an all you can eat sushi restaurant . quality of the seafood was very fresh .
kat is the bomb ! ! ! love the food ... love the service . . definitely will see me here again ; )
great sushi and freindly staff . i recommend the num and fire starter roll , excellent .
crapiest golf course i've ever been to . and i've played some bad tracks . played 4 holes and left
great food . awesome choices . good service ! !
seriously i'm done eating for the next num hours lol the chillie verde burrito is a must try !
they use really high quality beef for thier burgers . the buns could be better tho
great place to relax with a good glass of wine .
outstanding brazilian bbq . amazing surroundings . good service . visually stunning .
nice local salon great service !
this place is wonderful , and they really give groupon buyers the star treatment .
good sandwich option for lunch uptown . i had the lean mean tuna sandwich .
one of my fave lunch spots . call in ahead before pick up to save time . for is always hot & fresh !
if you are patient , this place is worth the wait ! service was very nice and food was great !
total hole in the wall . place is tiny . food is amazing .
dr . wagner is great ! he helped my son in an emergency . i would recommend him wholeheartedly !
i love this place . love the diner , the desserts , yes even the casino .
great haircut by mona , great price . will make this my go-to place ! !
good food , kind waitresses , a little pricey considering the other restaurants nearby .
best breakfast spot in phoenix ! the scrambles are off the charts , as are their home fries . yum !
love this place , always have great food and amazing service . i never leave disappointed .
although very busy , ramin helped me match and have installed exactly what i wanted in my new home .
went here for lunch with my husband . we split the stuffed shrimp and a pizza . both were fantastic !
love this place ! come by every time we are in town . great service , people and food day or night .
awesome thai massage ! i'm definitely returning every time i'm in henderson ! give it a try ! ! !
can always find a bargain at marshalls . my go two for the simple things
this place is kinda pricey for a sandwich but i give them 5 stars because the food is yummy ! !
num big screen tvs it's football madness . plenty of comfortable chairs and sofas . make time to burn .
i had the prime rib and it was delicious ! totally enjoy every meal and the price was right .
authentic mexican , guacamole made at table . great dinner
good food , but not much of it for the price . trendy scottsdale restaurant . service was good .
yummy - had the wagyu steak flight & delicious thickly sliced toro sashimi
highly recommend , first time eating pho and it was excellent order the beef pho combo
drinks and food are just okay .
they let you sample before you buy your drink ! great customer service , worth every penny .
a gifted healer . kind , patient , and has a knowing of just what to do .
great pizza but full of ratchet bitches after midnight . no longer secret and long waits
nice outdoor patio dining area . short rib ravioli was great . the halibut was also very good .
amazing and unique sushi reasonably priced great atmosphere cool bar and excellent service
staff is ok . the food at this location is better than others . tortilla soup is great here
very short golf course ! was in great shape !
paid $ num for 2 hrs of skating with ice skates included ! ! ! lots of fun .. totally recommend it :)
the mac and cheeses are fantastic . the pizza and wings are pretty good . the service is bad .
nice sized store . sells maternity clothes . decent service . enjoy coming here !
decent food , really good hot salsa , but the prices are ridic . we won't be back .
never good when the products on the shelves have a layer of dust .
on time , professional and courteous . even called the next day to make sure everything was goo .
not good . not good at all . the new owners suck . and the wedges are gross . what happened ? :(
best service i found in the las vegas area , excellent customer service & great hair care
cute store with great ambience and friendly employees ! wonderful addition to monroe st . !
good food . ambience needs uplifting . competition offers same price food with better ambience .
great pizza and great service . really nice casual atmosphere that is family friendly .
good place for dim sun on sunday , but i think they offer dim sun everyday .
if they had more ratings stars i'd give them a higher rating . great florist ! ! !
been here several times always good food . service is ok .. open num hours .
good fresh made burger . fresh made french fries from fresh potatoes . great beef und fresh salad
decent sports bar , but overpriced , 4 beers and nachos $ num .
i thought this buffet was really good . i just didn't like the long line to get in .
amazing feats that i really can't figure out how he was able to accomplish . very entertaining .
went there to pick up food to go for dinner . the food was very greasy .
simply love this hole in the wall . very authentic . people super friendly . tacos are awesome .
great food and great sushi , if you are looking for something different then this is the spot
stop here every time i am in the area . friendly staff and very good baked goods .
i like the seating arrangement here more than at the mgm for a ufc fight .
fantastic . great value for the price . excellent customer service . pretty fast .
my favorite is the mesquite grilled fish salad in a taco shell . ummmm !
nice store . i just wish they had more real wood options . lots of variety . too many choices .
clean , fast . same friendly staff as every other one and as expected . thank god it's close to us ! ! !
addicting . i wish there was one in waddell or surprise so i wouldn't have to drive that far .
my default pizza delivery option . a little expensive but pretty good .
great atmosphere . food is okay but service was lacking .
this is the best espresso in the entire metro area , at the moment .
great bar , awesome beer options , food is great and now they are home of the philadelphia eagles ! !
thanks for the quick honest professional service . i recommend for any future locksmith needs .
good food , if you like pizza you'll love " the gilroy " oh , plus the beers are ice cold !
steak and eggs $ num midnight special ... good right after a few drinks and dancing ...
great food , wine and service . patrick is wonderful . djr
overall repair service was ok and smooth but the price was too high .
this place had the best pad thai . drove by yesterday , it looks like a new restaurant took over :(
great food and service really hits the mark . amazing prices especially if you come for happy hour .
great take out food . enjoyed the friendly service . the chicken wings were large and delicious .
the best indian food i have ever eaten ! the decor was beautiful and the buffet was exquisite !
worse place ever ! ! ! do not buy parts from them ! ! !
subway sandwitches is like my family .
didn't enjoy the crab sandwich much compared to their awesome lobster roll . a must have dish ! ! !
this place is fun . came for cocktail karaoke and got to sing all night . check this place oit ! ! ! so
overpriced and tiny sandwiches ... like sleeping w a slut . you don't tell your friends
general tsos chicken is literally a little chicken with a huge puff of batter surrounding it
delicious home cooked breakfast ! they have smoothies and ice cream too . cute home town place .
i asked them to come out and work on a lock . never showed up . had to go with someone else .
i love their rosemary bread ! i buy it every time i visit the farmers market . so good !
this was a great show for beatle fans . i loved the beatles growing up so i really enjoyed the show .
still like this place lots . the bartenders are friendly and it's a good hangout .
limited menu , no bueno . if you want good tacos or burritos best to find a roberto's near by
it was better than i expected as far as " to go " sushi is concerned . it i was kinda pricey though .
this place is the hard rock cafe of doughnuts ! " sweetest " atmosphere of any doughnut company .
this bakery is so good ! they have great sandwiches and desserts ! would definitely recommend !
the greatest food in las vegas ! daniell and katherine make my day better !
great food , service and atmosphere . try the black rice and ox tail risotto .
i love this place the food is wonderful plus i helped get them started . chef david ! ! !
love this place always busy so glad to be part of the team . at baroque beauty cenyer .
friendly and helpful . they treated my dad and i with care and respect . i'm glad we went .
great happy hour menu with food and drink . looking forward to going back again soon .
i had a decent gyro and fries . the baklava was dry and lacking in any specialty .
i had uniforms to be altered and they didnt last num ! the hem on all pants have come undone ! ! !
truly a great place . we've had breakfast here many times , food and service is excellent .
very tasty pizza ! worth the wait ! it has been featured on oprah as the best pizza in arizona !
great gyros . i'm a big eater so i wish there was a super size option . lol . good fries too
best buffet on the strip . it was about $ num each person but well worth it ! ! !
good sushi , but super expensive . the quality was good , but nothing spectacular ...
good food , friendly service , and a clean house . the menu is simple , but perfect for a quick lunch .
brianna rocks . great food . bottomless everything . the pricky pear lemonade is awesome .
excellent beer , food , service and atmosphere
awesoem place great pizza and wings love going there and chilling and eating my wings great place
fixed broken glass on iphone num like new . will come back if any other phone needs repair .
corned beef is really good and lean . the prices are low for how much food you get . i'll be back .
by far my favorite japanese / sushi restaurant in phoenix !
best salad ever ! a must at this airport !
love this mall . this is my favorite place to shop in pittsburgh . great stores !
wonderful food and service . pfc at its top form .
we love their salads and monday spaghetti specials . their happy hour sangria's are fantastic !
excellent sushi , nice large portions of fish , best sashimi ive ever had ! ! must try ! ! !
just what you'd expect from a pittsburgh staple . don't be a snob . it's good .
amazing mexican food . i'm from ny / nj and the food here makes me so envious of phoenix .
food was amazing . presentation was off the chain . will go back for sure !
andy did a great job he's really careful and brought my toes back to life ! ! ! thank you andyyyyyy ! ! !
the best brunch in kensington market . most romantic spot for dinner .
excellent meal on a sunday afternoon.great service , awesome food and the beer was cold !
great prices . plenty of machines and the dryers are big . free soap . pickup and delivery .
their seared ahi tuna salad is the best mmm . it melts in your mouth .
food is just how it should be their brewer is top notch , some of the best beer in pittsburgh ! !
great place . paul behind the bar offered great service . awesome sushi .
real italian food . the sauces are a true meaning of gravy .
just ok .. make sure u bring cash they don't accept cc's !
taco tuesdays . what a bargain for $ 1 / taco . meat seemed quality without excessive fat .
extremely fast ! thankfully places like this exist for a busy city girl !
great customer service and they got ok service department . nice new location also !
nice room but crap shampoo and soap plus no conditioner or moisturizer . weak sauce .
nice bang for the buck , generally a young crowd , has a cool mexican cantina feel .
real chinese food . in central illinois . period ( ok : three ) .
very authentic szechuan fare . i love their steamed dumplings with chilli oil and noodle soups .
cool decor , service was good and chicken was great .
they should consider asking for names so that they don't have to go around asking who ordered what .
best steak i have had in a long time service is great and the band is great to can , t go wrong
the staff is whack . except mr . robles he's rad !
decent pizza . great price . clean shop front . fast service especially at peak lunch hours downtown .
you need to try the pork . adovada style .
choo choo is the man ! ! ! top quality sushi with extremely quick service . i will definitely be back .
truly terrible . so over crowded and poorly run that it was downright dangerous . stay away
best pizza in las vegas ! fresh ingredients and your choice of crust . soooo good !
so good ! just like the chicken rice we have back home in singapore . i hope it stays that way !
best eggs benedict around . i order the california eggs benedict - bacon + 2 eggs . so . good .
great outdoor seating and bingo . good beer selection .
i am always pleased with our experiences at oregano's . food was amazing and service was awsome ! ! !
good food and excellent service ! nice atmosphere . not the best mexican food , but tasty !
one word " costco " lamb chops ! oh also " unwild " salmon ! !
the food at this panda suck and they are suppose to close at num pm but they shut down at num .
best smoothies in town . i'm a big fan of the peanut butter banana , and the java chip frozen latte .
hands down , the best barbershop in arizona . ! i would recommend this place to everyone !
i'm so hooked ! amazing food , fast , easy and friendly as well as great prices ! love it
very good ! reminds me of the coneys in the d . now they just need to add wing dings to the menu !
great service , carpets looked great ! . dave did great work thank for your hard work :)
amazing .
best fish tacos i have ever had , friendly staff and quick service definetley recommend
great tacos - loud so you can bring the kids . great service - always a perfect place for lunch .
we went for hh good drinks prices and selection . i bit loud hard to hear each other conversation .
the inside is so romantic ! perfect for wine and a date night ! the food was delicious !
great gyro . a lot of food for the price . food seasoned good and didn't have to wait for anything
my girlfriend won $ num in pei gow poker there , so we love the place and hope the luck continues .
the hostess was rude . i waited for over 5 mins for a drink . i don't get the hype about this place .
the salted chocolate was some of the best ice cream i've had . staff is really nice too
crazy girls is gone . in fact , so is the whole riviera hotel ( num ) . so sad . :(
great service , painless payroll ! thanks
food was just ok . server was slow ( she took breaks and ate during service ) enough said .
this review is for salon only . go see ann . seriously best blowout ever . thank you , ann ! !
great food awesome sexy waitresses love this place
loooooooove donut tyme . they have traditional donuts and my faves are their fresh donut holes ! ! !
very loud ! food okay . not really worth it . generous rating .
you can beat it free jukebox cold beer and lots of memories .
service quite slow . num mins waiting time for ramen is a bit long . and our order was wrong .
burrito built for two . head chef very nice . good service . friendly sax music grew on us .
cheap seats . no thrills . vintage md - num aircraft .
great american / fancy food , always busy . attentive and professional wait staff .
food is pretty good but the staff are a bunch of freaking idiot's . not friendly at all .
i trashed the pool , but it's stlill cool ! :d
johnny was great ! he was prompt , courteous and honest ! we will definitely use him again !
we love grimaldi's and look forward to it every time we are in az . it never disappoints .
needed rotors and pads , awesome job and fair price . i'll be back for next oil change as well .
loved it . good prices good food , love the variety of mexican cheeses , tortillas and sweet breads .
great bakery . awesome tasty baked goods . affordable prices .
awesome nice low income caring clinic.the staff is very friendly and very knowledgeable .
awesome food and great staff even got to meet the owner it's a great place to have sunday brunch
very kid friendly , great staff , have never had a bad plate of food there .
i like this place when i have the craving for ayce . i love the pork belly and the sashimi salad .
i like that their trying new things . good people . randall / marc / zeeky are the best
service is great but drinks are crazy overpriced . you don't get what you pay for at eyecandy .
chicago tradition spilling into pittsburgh . gotta give them points for that !
great pub food , and atmosphere . i always enjoy coming here to watch hockey games .
very nice location , friendly service and tasty food .
meh . if you're looking to experience friends without the cast and with " mood lighting " go here .
great gym & awesome people . they have classes for kids too . i miss dt though :(
first timers and we enjoyed it ! had the traditional and the onion / mushroom ( added bacon ) .
we love bjs plumbing . they are honest and professional and work hard for their clients .
it was ok . seemed to use stuff from snl back in the day .
i've only had a burrito there but it was excellent , too bad this place is not licensed .
excellent food . not your everyday pad thai . excellent service . can be relaxed or formal .
best happy hour ! delicious food and drinks half off num everyday . must try when in las vegas
this is one of the worst experience with starbucks .
delicious food ! ! when they're busy the service can be a little slow at times .
food was just ok . the quality of the rice was not great and the tuna was just average .
i really have no comment . it won't post without . i hired brad once before and the job went well .
cat fish and ribs are fabulous . i'm coming back .
great food , incredible prices ... what's not to like ? spicy basil pork is my choice here .
fabio is the best ! best cobbler in town . very friendly . knows what he's doing . very friendly .
i don't recommend this place
great little treasure ! make sure you try their pork tenderloin , it's fantastic ...
had a awesome time with turn up tours ! lolo was so turnt up ! great clubs and great service
good old standby for a quick and affordable breakfast , sun prairies version of george webb
first time here and loved it . comfort food ! ! service is fast , food is great , and prices are low .
these guys are incredible . fast , courteous and very knowledgeable . highly recommend them .
just okay . i think there are better spots in phoenix to get a chicago style hot dog .
lomo saltado was great + green sauce was good ! i'm def coming back to try the lomo mariscos
close to real korean traditional food
bring the kids here they love it way more than ice cream . the gelato is so pretty it looks fake !
awesome customer service ! ceo burger ( switch swiss for cheddar ) was absolutely amazing ! ! !
love me some costco but try to go during the week as it is extremely crowded on the weekends .
the sushi was so good and fresh . the show me the love and king salmon rolls were amazing .
got what a needed in and out fast :) everybody was friendly and helpful , will be back soon :)
one of my fav empanada shops .. its huge , and fillings are at a great ratio .
setting is nice nothing tasted good .
was not a fan of their doubles .
cool deli / grocery market . didn't try the sandwiches , but the store side is great for gifts .
had a burger & fries the other day for lunch . great prices . plenty of tvs & pool tables .
great food with great service . the carne asada quesidilla and the enchiladas were very good .
ox tail soup special after num . market street cafe .
i have used this place twice in the last week and the service is great ! i will def be back !
iconic part of pittsburgh . a must visit and see place .
incredible scenery ! but way too many tourists . try to get there first light especially in winter
i found liz by accident . she is so professional , gentle and actually listens to what i want ...
nice but smoke filled the modern version of a speak easy .
ommmmmmm
such a fabulous salon and a great group of kind and creative people . i highly recommend this salon .
food was pretty good service was bad , i left hungry . money could be well spent somewhere else .
simply put - try the bacon and blueberry pancakes . just the right amount of real bacon bits .
i used to be a regular here years ago . they changed suppliers along the way and never recovered .
grandioses essen , super service und immer genug ouzo ! ! !
everything was good here , but not memorable .
great facility . the staff is friendly and was very helpful . my wife and i enjoyed it very much .
fresh and tasty seafood . very enjoyable . comfy setting . service could be faster
poor customer service , dirty room . the two most important things . first and last time staying here .
i always get amazing customer service when i come to this wendy's . i love the staff here !
their food is delicious , but my favourite order here is the lavender hot chocolate !
go !
love the food in here and cannot to get back and have some more authentic mexican food .
bought our rav 4 on saturday ! ! we love it ! thank you so much rick for all of your help ! !
i recently had my piano tuned by renovation piano services and ren ( owner ) did a great job .
the best pho in town . num large , egg noodle . yum .
cupcakes taste so good and are so filling ! wish there were more flavours
tacos are great . the beans have a really good taste . the rice tastes homemade . price is cheap .
best facilities around las vegas for the best price . that's all you need for a normal gym .
convenience is convenience . and for acceptable food at a reasonable price , you can't beat juji's !
mad choice of excellent beers . my only quibble is the lack of prices on the website . why is that ?
the best day club ! i will totally go anytime . the pool , bars and entire place is great .
pretty cheep crappy massage , i felt pretty hustled the shorted me on he time and it was low quality
fresh , it doesn't make me sick , neat little place to visit for college students
great place overall . decent taste of latte and cake . but poor wifi and limited parking spaces .
the best pizza in new york is in time square . and this reminds exactly of that !
ordered a cheeseburger . it was ok , nothing memorable . not bad but certainly not awesome either .
great massage , peaceful and quiet ! would recommended and would come back . check it out
the customer service is great and always fun !
we love the friendly family atmosphere . food is excellent , great service , & clean . thao is great !
absolute best burgers and fries i have ever had , great attention to detail , beats in n out by far
amazing bbq pork sandwich and macaroni salad . the customer service is always great too !
some of the best soul food this side of the mississippi . catfish is best in ahwatukee
winter in phoneix rox ! nuff said !
chicken wings
great place for live music . excellent selection of local beers on tap , friendly staff .
great place ! best in the area for sure . clean , nice people , really good chicken and soo cheap !
great food to enjoy with friends and family . nice to have an upscale restaurant so close to home .
one of the worst service i ever experience . so incomplete n rude waiters
had the briyani tonite - pretty good - food is good and the service is good as well -
always amazing . this is a great spot for drinks , food , and sports .
it highly
provides solid efforts in both steaks and seafood , highly recommend .
intimate setting in gorgeous arcadia area , lot's of tv's and wonderful food
i actually really like this place . i always get good fast friendly services .
this place has amazing desserts and baked goods that they make in house . it also has a cute vibe .
great service and killer food ! i dare you to find better chips around .
good but not my favourite in town , the sashimis are fresh , the signature roll was great
the food is barely fresh , but reasonably tasty . good for a quick lunch .
this place is great . visited from cali and the " budtender " was so helpful . can't wait to come back !
amazing food , the woman is very sweet ! ! definitely worth the trip to check them out for a brunch !
great service from eran and really good price ! will call him again if i ever need repairs !
great neighborhood vibe . delicious beers on tap , and a beer store that is open late . perfect ! !
great food , great service ! bottomless root beer floats and fries are worth the trip alone .
part of the epc heal scam changes phones numbers and is one of the more professional scams
i love the atmosphere here ! great for a laid back beer or classic cocktail . good mix of people
hands down the best place to get your haircut in cleveland . all of the barbers are great !
closest thing to hipster environment mixed with great service and great tunes .
great place with great options , must try sunday brunch ... great staff with amazing service ...
the boba and shaved ice are great ! customer service is even better ! this place is a winner
great selection of vehicles , great staff ( if you need them of course ) and overall great service .
the pho there is not great , but everything else is excellent . always great service .
i will definitely come back here .
there are a few pizza places here so i have a ton of choices ... this one is ahhmazing ! ! !
several vegan-friendly dishes on the menu and a chef willing to modify others to make them vegan .
really excellent food , large diverse menu , generous portions . will certainly be back .
- alicia
just a quick update a year later . still a rock star with awesome office staff !
best chips and salsa ! love their fajitas . wish they would open one near centennial hills .
dirty bathrooms and extremely slow baggage claim . waited over an hour for domestic bag claim .
everything we ordered lacked flavor . service was ok . pricing was high for the quality of food .
service , food presentation , atmosphere and food itself is wonderful ! will definitely come back !
lots of variety on the belt . service is good . food is all good . miso soup is heavenly !
absolutely love the staff and doesn't hurt to have everything needed and excellent juice
great service , friendly staff the food was delicious . tot choos , mac & cheese burger and fries .
andhra chicken curry and palak paneer r the best
cuban sandwich was muy delicioso ! if you're in the area it's worth a stop in !
great food , great prices , amazing portions .. try anything on the menu and you will be satisfied .
best chiropractic and massage therapy experience . highly recommend dr . adrian and amanda .
cozy " greasy spoon " ! good food , not fancy , snowbird favorite !
this place was awesome ! ! great ambiance and food was delicious ! ! i'll definitely be back soon !
great open air and patio . great selection of beers . might be stuffy in july . love it !
great service with great products . i had my vehicle and my wife's suv tinted . highly recommended .
num friday no food and wouldn't honor my living social coupon . told me bar was closing soon too .
jt , kyle , and luke were very helpful picking out the best tree ! ! best christmas ever ! !
love chipotle ! ingredients are fresh , simple and affordable . they are fast , and friendly .
if the food wasn't good enough , paul and brandon just completed our dining experience
very good chicken fingers , good fries , friendly stuff and clean restrooms . like cane's ! ! !
i got hibachi shrimp . small portions . i'm small and was still hungry after . food tasted ok .
great spaghetti w / meatball . pasta had great tooth , the sauce was very good smooth and low acidic .
excellent quick hibachi stop . the zucchini and onions are great but their carrots are unreal !
nothing special . the mekong palace still better but this is my second dim sum . still looking ..
$ num num the rooms are alright because i never slept their but its always cracking at the pool
awesome place ! street corn and chicken enchiladas were great ! highly recommend this place .
count you chicken if you're ordering more than 2 pieces , they give you less than you've ordered
great food and great service , nice ambiance for a client lunch
came here for a mani / pedi ... pretty basic ... although the girl seemed to rush .
definitely the best ( and certainly most authentic ) thai in the city . great place ! ! !
awesome shoe selection ! !
have the best time ever playing in the baccarat table with dealer call julio , good time
friendly attentive service , peaceful , enjoyable , excellent food .
small , plenty of escalators and elevators , security lines are short .
it's like visiting good friends who have an amazing farm and are professional diner cooks .
some of the best nachos in town ... seriously .
great drinks . fairly authentic tacos . get the chorizo fireballs or mofungitos and thank me later .
great cuts . bring cash they only take cash . friendly staff and great quality of cuts .
fries were awesome , wish the chicken sandwich was better and bigger .
good food ! fab onion rings ! i wanted a shake but was too full . will be back for sure !
will defo go back again ... nice and helpful staff and good food ... the drinks are also nice !
wow ! ! ! what an incredible experience ! ! ! great service and great food . the absolute best ...
dale is a great tech . reliable and professional .
really rude manager ! ! ! short black hair . the food is great ! ! customer service not that well .
well stocked because they know the tourists are coming . bravo !
pretty decent gyro and for a good price . great little downtown spot . very friendly employees .
why do you call yourself a boarding facility if you don't board dogs anymore ?
love the pork buns and sukothai . byob :)
crown is about great service , cold beer and patrons who appreciate and celebrate both !
lee did the great quality design nail art and i will be coming back to her . she is real an artist .
slow service . overpriced . i was not impressed . i won't go back
this place is great . i'll be back fo sho ! !
the food here was great i'll try the wings if you looking to drink eat and play a lil pool
delicious , flavourful and really spicy curry ! service us quick and great . will return .
great place to see a band . just wish it was closer to my side of town .
horrible experience so far and we haven't even been sat down yet ... longest hour of my life so far !
very pasty broth but delicious . the location is off the strip so not as convenient
great restaurant excellent food ! big portions , definitely for sharing ..
great place ... with huge portions . love all the bear stuff . had brunch with my mom and daughter .
best mom and pop shop ! food is delicious and original . will pick this place over lolo's anyday .
tasty af . grab a box and go to the park and eat .
it's pricy , but the tyro milk bubble tea is fairly decent here ! not too sweet nor too thick .
not friendly , clean or happy . smoothie was good . people making it need to smile .
good atmosphere . professional service and stylists are very good at their jobs . i enjoyed my visit .
i was not given a chance to ask for a shape . i trusted them in their abilities : never again .
good price but ramen is so bland . servers are nice . restaurant still seems very popular .
amazing all natural australian black liquorice . amazing .
is this place still open ? tried to go on a tuesday and all the lights were off and doors locked .
very plain dim sum , nothing fancy at all .. was a bit disappointed . as yelp describes it : " a-ok . "
meh . another chain restaurant / sports bar .
large ... nice trees and big fields . lots of water , shade and benches and tables . quite nice ! !
great tasting sandwiches . its a little pricey thou
awesome place ! great lunch buffet cute decor nice vibe eric was a very attentive server !
it's a starbucks . they make decent coffee . ' nuff said .
we love oregano's . best pizza in the est valley .
great sandwiches . the fiance loved them so much he went back multiple times on our trip !
amazing food ! ! ! great atmosphere along with fast and friendly service ! worth the num mile drive !
great burgers , helpful and friendly staff , quick service ! beats any other burger place in town
very nice place . fabulous chicken , not to expensive and give a lot for your money ! ! !
love the food , bartenders are top notch , atmosphere is fun .
sara behind the bar is awesome ! great service and allot of fun to talk too .
really professional , best value around , very happy with results . thank you clayton ! ! !
surprisingly good tex mex and a great atmosphere . the music is actually really good also .
always perfect . wally and his team deliver exceptional service and a genuine opinion .
not the friendliest . borderline rude . it's successful because of the food not the employees !
a perfect place to pick up or eat inside .. great tacos and burritos and the salsas so testy ! !
friendly staff ;) taro slush with herbal jelly is the best ! yummy ! hehe definitely coming back !
staff were great ! dras did my piercing and was very friendly . i would definitley go back .
good food . and you can tell that it is prepared all natural and fresh .
worst service ever . waited for over num minutes to even be acknowledged . definitely going down hill .
just fantastic . the best in the avon lake / westlake area
man , this place is delicious . super energetic atmosphere and kid friendly . i'll definitely be back !
came in for lunch . the best ayce . our server alan was great . fresh and quick service .
i visit often , staff if friendly and quick . bagels are fresh and thick .
food is good . service is nice . when the weather is good , dining outside is very pleasant .
excellent small little eatery in the squirrel hill neighborhood , with a very friendly owner .
staff look great and are super friendly ! ! !
amazing cheese burger . next time ill try the cheese steak !
amazing food and ambience , can't wait to make this a regular experience !
love maui tan very professional , great service & friendly staff . clean and great prices .
this restaurant is closed ! the pasta shop took over the location , which is a huge upgrade .
love this place . tired of paying ridiculous prices for bread . even pick up donuts for the dogs .
absolutely amazing food , fast service , generous portions and beautiful presentation ! must try !
great personal spray tan . i was in and out and treated with respect . thank you !
worst customer service in food and airline it's like the employees don't want to be here !
besides the amazing burgers and great wings , broc gave amazing customer service ; will be back soon
well rounded all-you-can-eat sushi place in newmarket . good , clean environment , friendly hosts .
easy check in , reserved our group a table , good drinks & funny comedians ! we will be back . thanks .
spanks tbell all day . their hot sauce is actually hot and ya can't beat the prices ;)
this place you have to pay an arm and a leg for a sub sandwich and give your first born
a nice place for lunch or early dinner with pleasant , if unremarkable , food .
best mexican food i have had . great decor and service as well ! ! !
amazing shop , amazing management , amazing service ! deya is the number one barber in town !
very tasty food . we got the halibut and it was nicely done ! good portion size as well .
found a bug in the dish . poor service and ask for tips . the worst restaurant i ever been .
waited one hour just to get check in . this place really need to improve on its management .
best fish tacos i've ever had ! great service and friendly staff . will definitely be back !
great food ! a little pricey for a broke mook like me to do regularly but yummy !
quick service , good food and lots of choices .
we eat here once a week with our three kids best larb chicken salid on the planet
poor customer service , actually none existent .
we love this pho , we usually get it to go because we like to eat in the comfort of our home .
totally awsome--we refer our friends to this restaurant any chance we get ..
ceaser's salad was super salty , pasta and shrimp dish had no taste . huge portions , no taste .
overpriced , no healthy side options , and meh , food . skip it .
i like the dessert bar , other stuff are just ok .
love this place ! ! recommend it for anyone who loves to make a fool of them selves diva-ing up !
i love this bar ... a no nonsense kinda joint .. and the back patio is great for hanging with a group
was ok . the lamb seemed over cooked and a bit dry . however the curry gravy was top notch .
tina torres did all the work needed quickly and efficiently . definitely would use them again .
price is fair , nice boss , food very trainditional asia tast !
octopus was great , chopped salad is a must , and their manhattan is amazing .
great job . he got here in num minutes ! was done in num to num min . reasonably priced too
worst food ever ! nasty inside . unsure of lady that worked there . definite skip !
very good pho ! it's a different twist on the broth . full of spices and very flavorful .
great tea & quick service . i ordered the oreo green team with extra oreo flavor and i loved it ! ! !
it was ok for a steakhouse but very chain like . it was ok but nothing special
our second visit to luv-it and we love it . not inexpensive but portions are big enough to share .
you will not disappoint
best donuts in town . always fresh and delicious !
good coffee and pastry . it's always busy , too busy .
so sad ! one of the best meals of my life . i guess i have to get to chicago now !
reasonable prize , gave good inputs regarding my yard , honest and hard working guy
fresh baked goods and sandwiches . great vibe , variety and taste !
love this place for lunch ! never been there for dinner . excellent pud thai & great service !
great music , margaritas and apps ! you can't help but go in ! dia de los muertos decor awesome .
very good food . small quantity and a bit high in price . try the maple bacon doughnut !
best thai place in charlotte , hands down . their service is top notch and food is amazing .
chicken curry
pizza had so much salt on i couldn't eat it . it was horrible ! don't waste your money !
homemade from scratch , the best ! i wanna lick my plate everytime
there is no doubt this is the best pizza place in montreal .
got great service from anjoly and awesome prices from best matress . come check it out ! !
very friendly great service food was good not great . love the mom and pop atmosphere
solid diner . good breakfast . very kid friendly . nice and attentive staff .
they overbook all the time . i spend an average of num hrs waiting before i see my actual doctor .
so excited to have this place in my neighborhood ! great food , great peeps , great vibe ! yum !
my family ate here over weekend . it was nice refreshing food . everything tasted fresh . really good .
fresh and safe food . prices were fair and had some amazing sake . service was awesome .
awesome fresh food . great service really clean and organized . tons or toppings and great soups .
clean . no nasty smells . dr . cruz friendly as well as staff . transparent and upfront pricing .
came in for a chocolate malt and got hershey ' s syrup with vanilla ice cream , very disappointing .
excellent , tasty and fresh . menu is limited but what they do is wonderful .
can get pretty crowded at night but it's still a fun , cool vibe with great music food and drinks !
great to do business with . quick , friendly and thorough . would definitely recommend them .
i wish this place was closer its fabulous great cookies and cinnamon rolls not heavy great
food not good sorry , margaritas good but price too high , disappointed won't go back too bad
we had a great experience . ambiance , friendly service and very good food . highly recommended .
they are extremely slow at the register . if things weren't so cheap , i'd never visit this store .
the food is delicious . proportion could be a little more for the price . good atmosphere .
fresh ice cream ! it's so damn good that a review is not needed just try it for yourself !
food is good too ! :)
really good new york style pizza , better then their chicago style in my opinion .
once again ashley was a great server ! food was good as usual . always a dependable breakfast place .
called in for take out . employee was rude . got there and they denied having any call-ins .
authentic delicious thai food ! will definitely be back !
and the black cod is really good too !
great food , very friendly staff . they have music and breakfast which my husband loves .
great staff ! dr . walker took the anxiety out of my procedure .
they had everything for my intercooler . tbolt clamps , hose , fittings . great customer service too !
been seeing dr gleason for num + years , can't imagine going anywhere else - he's the best in the biz !
rude employee stevi guy . immature drama queen .
good stuff . excellent food quality and great service . bit of a strange vibe .
yes , it's ok hotel in vegas . pool is far away from room . their sports bar staff are friendly .
i must endorse the shrimp & grits . so glad they didn't put twice as much in the bowl ! !
this is a great karaoke place . everyone should come here at least once in their life time ! !
overpriced flavorless pizza . nothing really stands out and i've tried different pizzas as well .
meh ... if you like middle age women with subpar talent then is the right club for you never again
service was excellent and food was really good . tera and kelsey were awesome bartenders .
crispy chewy and fresh croissant . the coffee is also good but only comes in one size ;)
good selection of food trucks . it was fun and we will definitely be back !
worth the wait in line . the scrambler was everything i had heard it was , and then some .
thank you gene for a great haircut ! highly recommend and i'll see ya in a couple weeks !
love it ! the original is the best ! i enjoy this menu better than the summerlin location
we got seated right away waitress was polite and food was awesome we will definitely be back
great pizza and it's halal only thing they need to work on is sauce and maybe offer free ranch ?
great food , great prices . your typical mom and pop stop , friendly and filling .
great place to get a juice ! anytime i'm in vegas in business i stop by and get a veggie juice .
excellent pancakes , eggs and service . a bit picky about upcharges . strong rec for breakfast .
good pizza ! fast delivery ! i wish they were open more often .
i had the wild ono burrito and my husband had the shrimp and bacon burrito . both were delicious ! !
lamb wrap was really tasty ! huge portions . perfect . this place will be my go-to now .
you guys are awesome . solid food and friendly people ! ! ! specialty shakes are soooo goooood .
cheap and nasty resteraunt that fails to impress , nice views though
i've had very good experiences here ! friendly and knowledgeable and always a fair price .
salmon with rice and vegi is a must have . if i could eat there every night , i would .
find myself craving this on occasion , good food , great people - family owned !
good portions , place has great food . not a big fan of rotti's but i like the food here .
it is cheap , near mcgill , i have been there many times , the food is not bad .
great store . great help . eric is the man ! !
awesome japanese food . great happy hour . must try the firecracker roll .
delicious available bowls ! ! ! i absolutely love this place juice n go is the way to go !
i am never disappointed when i come here . guaranteed a laugh and the service is awesome .
excellent selection . everyone is friendly . food is fresh and quickly updated as needed .
good food . reasonable price . super-fast delivery .
loved the food and selection ! fresh and delicious with friendly service . will be back !
the bakery is sooooo good . it's amazing , really . the cashiers are always very friendly as well !
love this place . their curry with pumpkin is awesome , and i also love the duck fried rice .
place is very good . every time i come here food is fresh and prepared well . delicious !
this doctor excepts medicare and was very pleased with the service i received .
great customer service at this location ! staff is much mor friendlier than beachwood ! !
my favorite pasta spot in vegas ! ! cheap , quick and most importantly its delicious .
place is boss as hell ! ! great service and great food ! drinks are on point ! we love this place !
their food is great ! ! i just wish that they would have more options !
wow , really really bad food ... even for an airport ...
they have the best rolls in the world .. chicken critters are amazing along with the staff
such a great time ! ! ! expensive to get them to play a song you request , but fun either way .
had the steak burrito . pretty big portion of food for a good price . very filling and delicious .
cathy's rum cake is now officially out of business as of about two weeks ago .
rude bartender and extremely slow service . talks back to you when he makes your drink wrong .
they have one of the best buffets in las vegas at the best prices .
great burgers service was ok . would go back and bring friends / business associates .
good beer , tasty flatbreads , fast wifi . our server was really nice and informative
what a joke . showed up at num am . they said i got to wait until num am to get breakfast .
food is god awful and the beer isn't much better ... escape quickly and head to the perch
best mexican food ever ! full of flavor and very authentic . absolutely love this place .
went at monday afternoon . got that modern vibe . had the chilled spicy noodle . it was pretty good .
i wouldn't order their pad thai again . it lacked flavour .
ask for ms . loan , she's the best . the conversations we share are alone worth the $ num .
always fresh . this is my go to spot . i've had a ton of sushi and they never disappointed me .
honest and reliable . never try to up sell or push services on you .
had hitch installed on my jeep patriot josh gm did very good job and at a great price
mark in service was so helpful . he went out of his way for my wife and i .
great time for all num of us on the noda tour . we will definitely do this again .
my go to flavors are carrot cake , reese's , and strawberry shortcake . don't forget the stamp card
delicious and good sevice . i had the smothered pork chop dinner . mmmmm so good !
really good food and service . the boneless ribeye was to die for !
great staff , great food . best noodles we've had in a very long time and the chicken wings are
best mexican food i've ever had . every dish there is awesome .
ass juice yes . bacon martini nope
one thing to say bloody mary bar off the charts !
the turkey sandwich was bomb . good price for the food . took some time to make but it was worth it .
great chill vibe on a rainy day . home cooking right on the corner of a residential area .
love buying things from here to bring home . everyone appreciates it no matter what it is .
wow great food . long line and wait but worth it ...
great food , awesome service . i have tried the pasta , and the chicken pesto pizza . both amazing .
went to get my haircut done by connie ! ! ! she is very nice ! the place is beautiful decorated !
good dim sum . great lobster . come early to get a table for dim sum . it gets crowded fast .
easy and friendly sales and finance , i was in and out less than num min with my new car ,
decent pool for some relaxation . i like the way it's handled , the different areas and all .
the waitress maria is again there very bad customer service from her ! she has really bad actitud
great food and even better beer ordered the mango mahi mahi delicious will be back for more
nice food and pleasing surroundings . service was ok but not to friendly . generally a nice place .
ended up here after my bicycle tour . had a salad which was pretty fresh . excellent spot for lunch .
great atmosphere ! amazing food , chips and salsa was bomb.com ! service was fast and friendly ! !
went back again . i'm no fish fry scholar but this one was great !
so amaxing place , everything here is so delicious and reasonable price ! ! !
holy mother of all true amazing mexican tacos ! ! ! the asada was tender and slow cooked !
toto's is so-so . not bad or good , just fine .
great food ! authentic , awesome bar and patio . great atmosphere and good for large parties
they were very helpful when it came to what juice to pick and it's a very chill place to hang out
first time here ; the food was great and the service was good . no complaints , we'll be back . :)
it's taste great . butter chicken ( a little bit creamy , still good , no spicy . i like it ) .
the best sub i've had in a long time ! the server was great and i will definitely be back soon ! !
not bad but just average . the chicken in the burrito is extremely dry so opt for one with a sauce .
no customer service fully staff not one employee greeted you and ask if you needed help .
this is a little gem of a place . not your typical local middle eastern eatery .
always delicious , always fresh ! they never disappoint . best place in vegas to get fresh poke !
westside location has better food . ( off of odana )
one of the better fast food places . good for when you are in a hurry .
arena location was great , parking was easy - more signage would be helpful outside .
i ordered katsu chicken and i was only able to to eat num % . great taste even better value
not cheap but worth it
great view at night . a tiny bit scary .
everytime i've been it's amazing . the cooks are the coolest . hot almond milk tea w / boba omg
awesome time ... a must do activity for locals and visitors alike
good food and cheap . i like the pad thai seafood and tom khar it the best i never try before .
did an amazing job for a fair price . i highly recommend diamond window tint .
pretty cool dive bar ! chill environment , great people , ok food , amazing drinks ! i love coming here .
superfast in and out for guys . remembers my cut style every time
good location always have what i need . prices are competitive . staff has been helpful .
i haven't been here since they remodeled . it was beautiful and the service was very nice .
very clean and we'll maintained . new modern machines and free wifi . what else could you ask for ?
this is a great date night restaurant . it is vegas quality fine dining in our neighborhood
really fucking good wings and onion rings . seasoned just right .. goin again now to grub
loved it ! great for date night and experiencing new foods cooked to perfection .
great tacos ! ! the chicken is amazing ! ! my fil request to eat here every time he visits .
been coming here for num years . fast , inexpensive , and convenient . i get cut by nereida .
love this club wish they would try like different music sometimes tho
we saw rod stewart last night , num row . great show ... rod was awesome . good venue .
good place with decently priced alcohol . tacos are fun but they can do better in taste .
great pizza place to order from . the pizza was delicious and the delivery was fast ! ! !
great selection , and large selection of sushi too . yum yum
best sushi ayce ! great selection of food and good quality . spicy scallop sashimi is my fav !
hidden little stand just off lv blvd . delicious frozen custard , just like i love ! ! !
amazing pizza and customer service ! this is what a new york style pizza restaurant should be !
very good food ! ! !
so happy with my car . thank you usa auto for everything . definitely the best place to go in vegas
we can never leave vegas without cookies bagel chips & jerky from here ! ! simply the best stuff ! !
i know i'm not supposed to eat there but it's just so good . all the beef dishes are amazing .
this is two miles from my house . i love this place ! enuf said !
love cowfish's unique atmosphere and the food is delicious !
trendy setting
dr chen-tsai is extremely thorough and competent with a great bedside manner .
good and clean spa , convenient location , good massages , all of their rmts are amazing ! !
tell me first this place is vegetarian . and also est time to wait is num min . ridiculous ! ! !
pulled pork is good . nice , friendly place in a cool neighborhood .
i really like the coconut curry with tofu , it has a lot of flavor .
great place for kids ... good food . good service . not a chain fan , but this place is worth it .
nice place for a quick meal . the gyu curry is the best . u can get curry and gyu all at once
if you want to try overpriced nachos , this is the place to do it .
just your average airport food so don't expect too much .
josh rocks ! definitely recommend for someone looking to get a boost in their work outs .
i'm not really a fan of giant eagle because they have gmo produce and products
an expensive denny's . pass this one by . just not up to good egg standards .
everytime we come to lv for business , we definitely come here ! it comforts our chinese stomach
came in a few times looking for our favorite server shana . what happened to her ? ?
i like genna's because you don't have to tell them what a gin ricky is . they know . and it's lovely .
one of the few locations that still has satisfries . they have my business before other bks .
fast , efficient , friendly , accommodating , clean , thoughtful and thorough . could not be happier .
store owner is awesome , prices are pretty good and lots of great classes
its ok hard to screw up breakfast pretty good skillet , service was great , pricey , no wow factor ...
i love costco . but the parking is congested all the time .
always have an amazing experience every time i go to freeds . everyone is always so helpful .
i have never been disappointed with kneaders . sandwiches , soup , cinnamon rolls are all amazing !
great food and service . the thai fried rice isn't as spicy as some of the curry dishes .
so good ! ! great atmosphere and great service ! ! they were very nice and helpful with the menu ! !
come hungry ! buy the wristband cuz you'll be craving this food .
best mexican we have had in a very long time . definitely on our list of places to bring friends .
best place for poutines , fries & submarines . always busy , but fast service . great take out place
loved the food and fresh . very friendly loving the pepper jack mac and cheese bites are amazing .
food was good for breakfast but service was just terrible .
mediocre at best poor service and i engaged employees . i'll take my business elsewhere .
great sushi . they have happy hours too . - nice atmosphere - lounge type . mai thai is excellent
absolutely the best . incredibly gorgeous , interesting food every day in a beautiful atmosphere .
i found hair in my food before and the place is unsanitary the few times i've been there .
spencer and kevin were great they explained everything thoroughly . i really enjoyed the tour
tried it for the first time today . this is great fast food . fresh . good service .
goes without saying , delicious polish boy . also really friendly service .
lunch on new year's eve $ num adult $ num kids . the same dishes except there was no crab legs
a huntersville staple . good lunch specials , great calzones and pizza .
great location and helpful staff . i was seen right at my appointment time , i would recommend .
this is one of my favorite italian places . the server was nice , the food came out quick
they do not have ligament contractor's license to build and install signage .
real excellent food , good service ( could be better ) and the portions are huge .
best unlimited salmon sashimi ! ! ! my friends and i go here just because of it . so worth it .
very good as always ! love the sukiyaki base for shabu ! and portion is big . staff are friendly .
we started using luxe coffee at the office and can't get enough . the best ! we need bulk discounts !
overpriced food . every plate has three bites and cost at least $ num . definitely a no no
great beer selection and delicious menu . service is always excellent ! you must try the frites !
great food , nice atmosphere . service is much better than it use to be . finally earned 5 stars .
i love pollo a la brasa and lomo saltado ! best in the valley .
one of my favorite places to eat . especially if you like beef .
wow ! same day service , professional and thorough . will use again for sure ! big thank you to alex
my second try ! ! ! i just stop by this place to only find out ... that is out of business
food tasted good but i got food poisoning that night . extreme vomiting . dont eat here ! ! !
prompt service . great food . i had the personal sized pizza and it was the perfect amount .
great happy hour , nice ambience , yummy sushi ! ! !
we love the pizza , evening after he sold the business .
great wagyu burger ! sweet potatoes fries were amazing . sauce made it happen . great service .
takes credit cards .
it's my neighborhood favorite bar always a great time always great service never a dull moment here
best theatre ! we love coming to this harkins , it is clean and taken care of .
this club is new and fun a lot of babes ... i'll come back to this review !
they have boba ! that alone gives them 5 stars ! finally a good boba place in north las vegas :)
good hangout . plenty of bier to try and very decent food . i really don't mind this place
this was good . i've had better , but it is a cute little ice cream and cookie shop on main street .
best huevos a la mexicana that i've had in a long time , home made tortillas was a plus , great place
walked in smelled like formalyahide walked right back out didn't even bother to order food ugh !
great menu . i ordered the shawarma plate and it was so delicious . great customer service , too .
i love the made to order bowls & burritos . food always tastes fresh & not a long wait for it !
and the desserts ... wow .
super cheap and good food . service is decent - kind of slow sometimes .
old and all the good restaurants are before security ... that's stupid !
excellent food and presentation . used yelp rating to go to this place , was not disappointed .
jessica helped put our whole party together ! great selection and allot of themes to choose from .
better ... make sure you are ready to splurge ... as this is definitively not a place to go cheap .
organic carrots are the best ! giant bags for $ 3 ... great deal !
great presentation , really tasty food , very conscientious service and a beautiful space .
amazing food , great ambiance . very good date night restaurant .
i'm sorry to announce that jt's has closed . :(
this place needs to be featured on an episode of bar rescue . beyond terrible service .
amazing the owner is super nice . pizza amazing , gelato is yummy and cannoli is to die for
love their white pizza ! and the lasagna pizza is really good too . it keeps us coming back for more .
i don't eat the food here , but my munchin loves it .
best facials ever ! i will definitely keep coming back for that service .
good concept . kids love the help-your-self process . prices are reasonable .
awesome food . great service ! don't have any complaints . this was my first time here and i loved it !
this place is mediocre at best . it's like they don't even try . there are so many better choices .
finally , indian food at its most complex and satisfying ... and good value , fun vibe , good service .
excellent food and value . great people . $ num for the special you can't go wrong .
ate here last year on new year's eve . it was wonderful ! enough said .
love the asada burrito and the tacos . the owners are friendly and it's fairly priced .
modern , lecker , preise sind auch ok , gemutlich.daumen hoch ! ! ! nur wartezeit ist bischen lang
amazing spring rolls ! the pho was very flavorful and they give you lots of basil to put in it .
good food havent had much mediterranean food but was all pretty good
fantastic service ! delicious food and a lovely atmosphere . blew my boyfriend and i away !
amazing ! must try ! flavorful fantastic tacos plus awesome customer service . new favorite spot !
scalp massages are amazing , definitely cutting my hair more often to enjoy the relaxing wash .
food is very good but service is rarely anything above average . overall a nice place to hang out
waterfall is pretty ! not much to say ... it's a regular club with drinking and dancing ppl
we went for a family lunch on sunday . the service was good and we all enjoyed our food .
fun , quirky place for a drink and bar food . great service too .
nice clean restaurant . food is ok but i've had better vietnamese soup . service is decent .
saint charles did amazing job , great professionalism , great work ethic , very happy with service ! ! !
great location , good food . busy as hell on the weekends ! ! ! lineup outside of the door ! ! !
ghastly . never stay here . not clean , dis functional room , worst motel num experience ever .
tried it once from a referral on yelp and loved it . have eaten there and loved it sense !
food is hit or miss but definitely home cooking type food . love the bbq plate meal with 2 sides .
two words : food poisoning . i will never go back here again .
best customer service , very clean place to get your nails i love yen she's gentle and sweet
great authentic mexican food ! salsa is no joke ! excellent service , i will be returning !
solid meal . pickles were a novel touch i wasn't used to . steak was good but not great ..
delicious ! i will definitely return to this buffet . the dessert and food selection were perfect .
got my iphone battery changed in less than num minutes . great customer service and very fair prices .
yummy , clean flavors . i tried the old school , maui wowie , sweet cheeks , and some others .
just okay . went on the recommendation of a friend . better options abound .
trying to figure out what happened to crazy bobs trying to find where he moved to can u help
sheesh ! ! ! it's hot here in phoenix but glad you have fresh iced tea and hummus plate ! !
delicious sushi and ramen , especially love the miso soup . will return .
always a good place to start / end your night with a drink while staying at the hard rock .
wonderful dinner of salad , ravioli , a nice glass of wine . bonus ; free birthday dessert !
we enjoy this starbucks , nice location and a plce to sit outside when it's nice out ! :)
this is the place to go for poutine . recommended by a local . so many creative options . must try !
absolutely blasting ... the best party experience ever .
service was great . friendly attentive staff and delicious vegan pizza . will be back again .
dr . cope , brittany & wilda are outstanding & they offered my family & i the best service
i'm the middle of a shady area . food was over priced . too far to go for really a average burger
based on service only . food and shakes are very good .
come to mama ! this place has authentic polish food . well priced and delicious . i will be back !
meh , bland food and a # 2 between the two other vendors in terminal e
very disappointed . highly rated but not the authentic italian food i was hoping for . very bland
cozy little whole in the wall ... wonderful canzone and philly cheese steak sandwiches ...
great location and atmosphere . everything else i would rate as vanilla . nothing great , nothing bad .
friendly staff and clean establishment , great service ! inexpensive and great detailed work !
i've used them for 4 times now since the very beginning . they have been very reliable so far .
the food , off the hook , the staff was fun and friendly made us feel like family .
super helpful and friendly service . the selection is endless . the staff was knowledgeable .
friendly attentive staff ! cute and chic place to bring bridal parties . great for a girl's date .
decent business hotel and well off the strip--quiet . staff were helpful and the place was clean .
best place ever ... you want to have a great time , great service you need to go to la jolla
very very good chop house . great wine list - loud fun atmosphere .
heard this place was fun . my boyfriend took me on a date . can't wait to rock and golf
food is good but waiting for takeout is painful . they need to speed the process up a touch
pb milkshake , blueberry pancakes , and the scrambler . all delicious and it was a ton of food !
never again
ahhh ! ! two words . toki doki . yes . they carry tokidoki here ...
just like any other starbucks around .
hands down the best sushi burritos in town . chips and cheese are amazing . highly recommended .
hidden gem . fast service , great hot sandwiches , the perfect lunch spot .
stay away ... unless you want to take part in a celebration of douchery .
they need to get a health inspector in here asap wish i could leave num stars ... eat with caution .
delicious . fun vibe . great olive oil . cool t-shirts . turkish coffee . go to this yummy .
great selection . good staff . owner is knowledgable . good place to hang out .
love the wings n frys n the arrive is always awesome ! ! ! convenient to home ! always open .
my favorite place to eat ! this time i tried the rib plate , so tender and full of flavor , amazing !
typical golf course fare . nice if you live in summerlin .
outlaw burger didn't stand a chance . place is freaking good .
this place just recently opened in scottsdale and i got the mini chimi which were really good .
love the sushi , but the service could use a hug , especially during lunch-hour .
the dutch country restaurant is a great place for a family dinner .
the company with racism should definitely be permanently closed . we should sue this company !
trotzdem viel zu voll .
best pizza that i've had since moving to las vegas . the buffalo chicken pizza is awesome !
great , friendly service ! scanning , copies , and shipping all done while making you laugh !
the place to go for a meaty sub ! the choices vary for the sandwich selection , this is a plus !
really nothing special . mac n cheese was best thing i had and this place ain't cheap either
great food , service and atmosphere . family style dinners priced right .
this place is fast with friendly staff . the decor is new . highly recommend !
great service ! veggies and tofu is free refills . everything was very tasty ! will be back for sure !
delicious deep dish pizza . crispy , saucy , crunchy , cheesy , hot . exactly as pizza should be .
super delicious and filling boxes ! great for a healthy lunch . fireball poke is my go-to !
i had the green curry here . it was okay to me . maybe i'm just not too into thai food in general .
a french bistro . how fitting for our first dinner here . on the cutest street ever !
awesome aloha roll and kung pao chicken . great sake list too .
hands down the best pizza in the city ! i felt like i was back in italy--authentic and divine !
awesome indian food . affordable prices . ton of varieties to choose . full value for money spent .
clean and spacious shop with nice and cool ac . plenty of spa pedi chairs for $ num .
excellent shop . love the theme and the flavors of juice !
let's start off by the food is a-ok , nothing to brag about . service is ok , staff is friendly .
ali was fabulous with neck massage too . a special hour , made me feel like a new woman .
terribly disorganized management , dry and overpriced food . would not recommend
went here with a friend . great atmosphere and knowledgeable staff . it was a perfect saturday .
best authentic mexican food and margaritas . the service was the best . good prices , too !
overpriced chinese food due to its location .
interesting decor ( got seated on the bus ) , but nothing too special about the food .
great service they went above and be on to find a used part to fix our car . we will go back
the fire roasted appetizer plate is as good as it gets ! !
service is great . prices are fair . food is delicious . i love the quiet local vibe this place has .
food and service always great . the manager daniel is always friendly and goes above and beyond .
i love the food here ! this place is very consistent in every location . definitely a must try !
amazing sushi and drinks ! ! great atmosphere ... can't wait to go back ! !
generous portion sizes , good veggie options and have never had to wait in line yet .
i recommend .
great service and quality food , glad i stopped by . had the italian combo so delicious ..
the owner is a pro ! they were on time , polite , and quick ! i highly highly recommend them !
best sushi in las vegas ! i promise !
nice place it's clean the ladies here are nice . ty for a relaxing time . alittle hide away
melissa is theeeee best ! ! ! and the doctor and staff is amazing ! ! thank you guys sooo much ! ! !
you are a lifesaver ! amazing service , thank you so much for rescuing me from the edc parking lot !
one of my late night stop when i stay out in blue diamond area !
this one is bigger than gibson library . has more selection of things . next adventure is paseo ...
i strongly recommend
looove this place . my favorite chinese restaurant by far ! prices are good for the portion provided .
save your money . this place was a huge disappointment it would be better as a breakfast diner .
die portionen sind aber eher etwas zum teilen .
greek fries are amazing as well as chicken kabob entree
terrible service this visit . told wrong info by staff member .
a lot stupid people that work there , especially the staff that works at the post office
new favorite , top three favorite and absolute best sushi i've ever had . just wow ! !
awesome drinks & staff ! free shots ! amy / aimee is an awesome bartender ! try the hurricane or mohawk !
the quality and service lacks , eye contact is avoided like the plague . no plans to return .
great beer selection . a couples beers and brie at the bar is perfect before hitting the benedum .
great lunch joint - huge helpings and the burgers are ridiculous ! come hungry , for sure .
basic bland chinese .. nothing memorable :( not a lot of meat in dishes and not worth the money :(
over hyped , food doesn't have that much taste , but it is a long wait !
quick service ! the calamari is really good . the staff was also very friendly as soon as we arrived .
had think burger with fries and green flash ipa . hummus for app was good but little plain
the best most friendly service . great food . i love sitting at the bar and having a few margaritas .
lynn was great ! super relaxing and comfortable salon . i shall be back ! ! !
great service and food . place is very clean and a nice quiet family atmosphere .
great mac-and-cheese for the kid ... mom and dad were happy too !
most fun thing to do outdoors in las vegas ! ! ! thank you for everything girls ! ! !
had the western omlette . foods incredible and the service is top notch . love this place !
the free guacamole worked ! yippie ! ! ! starting off w a bloody mary .
so amazed this place is num % vegan everything tastes just like the real thing ! very impressed !
never buy their coconut ice bar , which cost num but taste like a iced sugar water , lmfao ~
haven't eaten here for years ... if anything the food has gotten better ! my pasty is a work of art !
i love this place . they have a warm atmosphere and i've never gotten a bad meal here .
custard and ice is such a cool combo . i don't think we have anything like it in california .
food is always great and the service is very attentive ... we'll go back another day .
coffee is strong but good . not a lot of food options , but the pastries looked amazing .
very yummy , very quick , great customer service . fast food done right .
for the price and location to the convention center this place is good . not nice but it is clean .
great slaw . i had the braised beef didn't impress me nearly as much , overall a good experience .
had a lovely meal ! really nice place and very friendly staff , will be coming back very soon :-) )
try their lamb burger , yumm ! service can be bit cold and slow , which i take one star off .
managed to snag a table on the patio to enjoy some drinks . love the tequila and beer selection .
been here a few times and was never really disappointed . i like their ipad ordering system =)
the staff is amazing and so is the hotel ... a great place to be for a goodnight sleep .
service was ok at best . after waiting for a long period of time for my food it came out cold .
this is a typical sports authority . it was very well stocked and the employees were helpful .
love michael at pretty nails ! last time i was in an area and went to someone else ... bad mistake !
bun no hue , co tam , and bun thit nuong was all basic . vietnamese coffee was water down
one of the best burgers i've ever had . for sure need to come back and try the b . y . o . m & c .
what an adorable and delicious restaurant ! the dumplings were perfect , i definitely recommended
very cozy family restaurant with tasty real vietnamese food and great service . i recommend it .
great service , always on time for appointments . staff is very polite and professional .
great staff and service , quality food and prices , we're regulars .
there's a reason why the neapolitans are the godfathers of pizza ; come to pomo and discover why .
this place is the worst headass place ever worst customer service and worst food . bye
pastrami sandwich outstanding in the burgers were great i recommend the pastrami sandwiches all day
this place sucks . slow . if you order a whole pizza , they put you in the back of the queue .
quaint !
weird , smoky , boring casino food ... expensive too . ewww
sooo good . amazing naan and the malia kofta was brilliant ! nice atmosphere and friendly staff .
always great pizza , ice cold shock top & great , friendly service !
had new ac put in by francisco and leonard ! ! excellent and professional service , great job guys ! ! !
good place to go for worship . excellent preaching ! friendly people and very open to everyone .
drive thru - my best friend ! fast . which was a surprise . caramel brulee frappuccino was fantastic .
excellence ... creative menu . high quality food made from scratch . great salsas . inviting atmosphere .
ciaa day party off the chain . grat venue for a day party . good djs and fast and prompt bar service .
finally a good jewish deli ! don't leave without trying the matzo ball soup ! ! !
i've tried their chicken soup and it's really good and filling !
great tasting roast , well made drinks , nice atmosphere and great food too
great pho , great price . not fancy , but clean .
very friendly , great service , very happy everytime i go ;)
go almost weekly .
food was exclelent ! huevos rancheros kicked a $ $ and the sausages were delish !
nice breakfast for a diner type place . ambience is nothing but the food and service was good .
i love pink bubble gum with cream . it's so bomb :)
love it , but make sure you plan ahead ... buying tickets in advance is a must !
chicken in the shoe is the best dish there . hands down . no i don't like feet .
normal breakfast but big . service was friendly but very slow .
great chorizo eggs benedict , friendly staff , family style environment . will definitely be back .
the food here is amazing . they also make great drinks ! i wish they had live music though
new larger location . friendly owner and very nice furniture !
very nice hotel , nice staff - and great beach / pool area ! do not eat the buffet !
it's my favorite pizza place in central illinois .
tony stokes was amazing feel like i made a good friend at the same time of finding my home .
immer lecker . service nett . hier kann man nichts falsch machen . preislich mehr als fair .
great food but didn't like the gangster rap . wouldn't bring my kids here because of it .
they close by midnight . maybe they should update their business hours both online and posted .
the st . louis ribs were amazing , and the corn bread is to die for .
poor customer service . much smaller selection than other locations .
great job ! thorough and polite . have been using them for years , very reliable .
first time trying lobster risotto and it was delicious ! great service and great food !
my favorite taco place in las vegas ! the service is fast ! the customer service is amazing !
love this place . the friendliest staff i have ever met . a very good experience . cheap furniture
went just after lunch and got seated quickly . good food and great service from tawnya .
my favorite is pistacho , just tried the pineapple and it's amazing . always clean and friendly .
no fajitas . no vinaigrette dressing . no lemons . ugh . get it together , coventry chipotle !
love the food here ! burgers are excellent ! so happy to have laura's here in fountain hills . * * *
awesome garlic knots , meat ravioli and great staff . love this place ! !
great food and atmosphere ! staff was helpful and extremely friendly ! local beers on draft .
pretty much go for the route num drinks . my favorite is the ocean water with extra coconut .
some of the best pancakes in the city of cleveland ! the people that work there are always so nice .
a delicious dinning retreat . great wines , bartenders are attentive and the foods are fabulous !
enjoy the sushi . my wife eats just sushi , & i like to get one of the kitchen items as well .
this shop gives you real espresso . add a shot and you will be shaked to tears . smells like heaven .
great food and friendly staff ! i can't speak for the coffee , but i love the baked goods .
yummy crepes and coffee ! the owners are super nice ! my friends enjoyed our first visit !
i love my water fountain . very nice sales staff . very professional people.thank you .
delicious ny-style pizza . it is a grab a slice kinda joint . fold , bit and go .
i can't believe how wrong i was ... wtf ?
love the crew that works this location ! its always clean and they are always friendly .
great food and phenomenal service . love the owner brice ! go you won't be disappointed ! ! !
took 2 years to find the place so glad ! !
vastly understaffed and inefficient system for opening night at star wars . bad management .
i come here every morning for a tea and a quick snack ! always friendly . they know my order !
loved the bread , filet , tuna , and mushrooms ! happy atmosphere .
love their pastries , awesome veal sandwich , busy but worth the waiting .
try the number num , the most amazing tacos ever . and the chips and salsa are out of this world .
excellent show , i highly recommend , lots if fun , great music , excellent acting and great staging .
fast , friendly and affordable service . highly recommend !
i love the bean paste & the food is good but wouldn't come regularly , too much for too little .
music and atmosphere is great :)
great customer service and excellence tinting job will come again
peanut buster parfaits rule ! i'm glad we have one so close . nuff said !
great servers and good food . nice place to bring the kido or on a date night with the husband .
great milk shake and chocolate the prices are not bad nice place to take the family i love it
i've delt with a lot of shops and more specifically off road projects . go see clint .
pretty decent brunch on the weekend . get the bistro big breakfast , it is the best value .
fantastic little mom ' n pop breakfast house . great breakfast , fun little place , excellent service .
this place is awesome . i got a chicken wrap today and i'm already thinking about my next visit
yum ! i've had the carne asada tacos and the carne asada burrito . plenty of meat .
always amazing here at the farmhouse ! great portions and outta control cinnamon rolls !
they must have changed cooks cause it's a whole lot better than it was before ! keep it up !
best dentist in vegas ! great customer service . always available when you need him . best staff ever !
both the atmosphere and food were great here . i especially liked the pork bbq steamed buns .
crunchy corn cereal soft serve is the way to go !
ok place with a wide ranging menu . nice and relativey quiet given it is in a casino ,
first off it smells amazing in here . we've come in for drinks twice the bartebeer is super nice .
another fantastic late night gel mani by sonny . he is precise , professional and funny .
poor service , undercooked salmon , runny queso , overall not good . would not recommend to anyone
somewhat ambivalent service . but $ 3 vodka cocktails nightly from num pm .
yummmmo great pizza and fast ... just moved here and already know this will be a go to place
meal for two on groupon : hibachi for $ num , friendly service , amazing chef , and delicious food .
i love ny city pizza pie . excellent rendition of sharing a portion of ny here in the desert .
great service ! i don't ever feel comfortable making returns but they made it so hassle free .
quinton was awesome . i hate starbucks but the gal pal likes it . quinton made it actually fun .
great selection , good prices , friendly serivce .
they took over num minutes to make our food . bbq beef was over done . chicken was good .
zippy was very entertaining and talented ! he made us two aliens and even squirt from finding nemo !
food was awesome , service was good . fed 3 ppl for less then num $ with extra to take home .
great experience with new car purchase . very pleased with costco auto program . will buy again .
excellent food . friendly staff that will help you with the menu . venezuelan food is very good .
this coffee shop has a chill out , relax vibe . perfect for catching up with close friends .
always a great choice . good food . good drinks and affordable prices . plus the ambience is great
friendly guys , added air to my tires for free ! would go back for more work .
standard asian fair . not bad , but nothing outstanding . server was pleasant and quick .
i am there at least num times a week , great place some meals , rice is steamed , chicken is tasty
pretty much obsessed . love the daily happy hour too ! totally couldn't find that in phoenix !
phone doesn't work and didn't prepare my grubhub order
the crepe dealer is my absolute favorite ! been coming here for years it always hits the spot .
i loveeeeee fat straw . their boba is to die for and their employees are super helpful and friendly .
very tasty but way overpriced . you will leave hungry unless you order several plates of food .
best service , friendly employees and great food ! i would definitely recommend this location !
so professional and friendly ! i will be using them for all of my future appliance repair .
patrice is the best . i would highly recommend ulta's brow bar . never been disappointed .
this place is run horribly . it was out of cheddar and steak for philly sandwiches .
been here before and i love it ! the trashcan nachos are delicious and the staff is fabulous .
very good . nice flavors . fresh ingredients . believe the hype .
great pizza , friendly and prompt service , love this place .
good drinks and really sweet ! i like fruity stuff so i am a fan
this place was another location i had to see and taste to believe ! amazing strombolis ! period !
did not get excited to go after a second piece of pizza . needs some training in the team dept too .
one of the best burgers i have ever had . expensive !
service person has a pleasant demeanor . he was professional and prompt . great service .
always a pleasure getting a pedicure here . hard working friendly staff . my feet are happy now .
i can't wait to go ! ! ! every looks nice .. the burrito is so hugeeee ! ! yummy yummy in my tummy !
great food , really authentic chorizo burrito and their breakfast burrito is the best !
great pizza , good wings ! ( dining area could use some updating )
super der name ist programm
one of my favorite spanish restaurants ( and i have spent time in spain ) ! !
cool little place , tacos are one of the better things on the menu
some really great people . cheapest price in valley , full of energy , and know their job well .
great healthy , gluten free options close to the strip ! so happy to have found this healthy gem !
the only thing i can say is " i don't want this night to end " bomb ass dj and service
pub burger and brussel sprouts were great and katie gave us the best service . what a fun place !
loved the food . the freshness of it . great ambiance . clean . simplistic elegance ...
great kalbi ! huge portions . very friendly customer service . we will definitely return !
good customer service and pretty nice equipment . nice location ... just hop on the trail and go .
came here on a wednesday night , barely anyone here but great service , food cooked well and delish .
good all around selection of asian groceries with a vietnamese emphasis .
the cauliflower soup and pulled pork sandwich were yummy . very friendly staff too !
love my cantina ! ! ! great food ... especially jalapeno cream cheese ! ! special love to stacy and kj ...
good food . and the waitress leaves you alone ... until you need a refill on drinks .
check them out . good oly area / set up , had that gritty feel . friendly staff and nice equipment .
this place was alright . very pricey for a chinese buffet . i probably won't ever go back .
love this place . they have some mighty good tacos . everything tastes really fresh .
great if you need coffee on the north end of the strip !
bargain pricing , premium quality customer service and facilities .
a lot of beer on tap . burger was really good . num num . num piece of mahi mahi not worth the price .
the pan pizza is delicious ! , good service never too busy and there's plenty of parking space .
what the hell did i just eat ? there is literally freaking hair all over my burger ! ! !
good breakfast joint right in downtown urbana .
quick , close and clean
burgers were great & so were the garlic fries ! cool atmosphere ! loved the big ass fan !
love this place ! delicious mexi food ! ! also you get such a large portion for such a good price .
this is a premier child care center in las vegas now open num hrs . bring your children here .
great food , incredible coffee , and an atmosphere that makes both of the above easy to enjoy .
instead of barber willy classic barber shop , it should be called barber willy racist barber shop .
great food , cool atmosphere in an odd location . good place for a date or groups .
too dark couldn't read the menu . had to use the light on my phone . food was decent though
sare cut my hair and she did an outstanding job !
num 4 stars , tacos were very good , blanco margaritas were excellent , guac was totally good .
great dive restaurant in the downtown area for lunch .
first time here ! got a pepperoni pizza " slice " , which is really two huge slices . omg soooo good !
love this place , great for happy hour . garbage fries are to die for .
attorney lied said he advised me did not tried to intimidate me
awesome love to be full and have left overs great place love it here .
omg ... there variety of soup is amazing . great wine selection . all around pleased .
buy the frozen pizza dough , add some pastries , and all will be right in your world .
they never have anything in stock . especially when you want bubble tea . huge disappointment .
go ! its a great place ! fun , cool , and yummy food
dim sum is average here , i have yet to try any items in the lunch / dinner menu .
honest mechanic helped both my uncle and i i defiantly would recommend this place to anyone !
one of the best places to enjoy beer in montrea !
i just paid $ num for an overcooked ribeye in a place with vfw-style decor . i won't be coming back .
mediocre food . good service is the only reason there are two stars . waste of a beautiful space
shawn
brunch is amazing . i also had lunch once . definately would visit again in near future .
had a great time . upbeat music while playing video poker . great people watching !
very good . i had the salmon pattie entree . food and service excellent . i'll be back .
great service . wonderful employees . nice atmosphere .
amazing sushi ! plenty of different kinds to chose from at this great buffet ! absolutely loved it :)
this is as good a chinese bakery as can be , as authentic as the old time bakery from hong kong .
great service , fantastic doctors , i've just had my num visit and i have been very happy with them !
both my son and i love dr . faro and all of his staff . would not think of going anywhere else !
really good food & great service ! ! will be back ! ! im from seattle so hopefully sooner then later ! !
this place rules , plain and simple just wish they had a cheaper jukebox
nice place to live and good friendly moving staff . quick closing service request .
love going there for happy hour on the patio overlooking the golf course ! brunch is great too !
the stir fried vegetables and the chow mien can stand up to the best kitchens in town .
very chill place and very knowledgeable ! mike was very helpful . definitely worth the money .
there is something so genuine and authentic about this place that keeps me coming back for more .
solid food , affordable prices , friendly service , family run . what's not to like ?
i felt like i was taken back in time . old school ! good food . fast service . fries are excellent .
great place for drinks and appetizers - super busy even on a thursday but service was good .
best mala sauce around ! i always enjoy the brisket with it and have never had a sub par experience
service is great and friendly .
best refried beans i have ever had . big fancy restaurants dont even compare to these beans bro ...
no veggie anything at the grill and fox on every tv . enjoy .
this place takes you way back and puts you in the actual movie . nice set up with great memories !
terrible food , small plates and way to expense , 5 pieces of gnochi for $ num .
their garlic naans are really good . they have to improve on their biryanis and goat curries .
first timer to white castle and definitely not the last ! attached to harrah's casino .
every time i come here they change the channel without regard to who's watching what ... clueless
for the duck confit , it is around average loll
good place , good food , good people ... but i'm from la so roscoe's will always have my heart lol .
cabo azul was delicious . margaritas super strong .
delicious food ! they bring their shefs from abroad ! well done guys ! ! thank you for great service
still the only dental facilitie i will go to . and i hate dentists ! but this place treats me right .
my daughter loves this store . what else can i say ? i'm broke , but she is a smiles . :)
awesome pies , tasty mac , huge wings ! great atmosphere .. excellent selection of beer and wine !
the food is really good ! and the price better the personal very friendly ... best thai restaurant
surprisingly grear ! meatball and glass a wine . best ! !
gotta get the chicken katsu musubi the fish musubi was a pleasant surprise , as well .
i'm totally hooked . this isthe best way to do eyebrows and the service is great
da best ! owner isnt a * rick she is cool ! good vibes , no douchebags allowed in general !
good food and enjoyable dinner . we came here with a toddler and the waiter was just great !
climax city ! best food truck of my life ! sincronizada , gringa , atascate chon ... add green sauce
one of my favourite restaurants in town ( i'm vegetarian . ) love the enoki mushoom balls !
waitress was super rude when i asked very simple questions about the food prep ( due to my celiac ) .
was working in the area and have allways heard great things about this place .. it was awesome
i got the run ( bg's ) after going to this restaurant not sure why but won't be going back .
awesome desserts ! never tried the food ! why waste the room ? life's short , eat dessert first !
this location has good service and the dining lobby is very clean . the ice cream tastes delicious .
an amazing experience . very friendly . best acrylic fill i have ever had ! really recommend it !
never disappoints ! i always leave loving my color and cut and awesome style ! ! audrey rocks !
nichts besonderes .
got a ceviche bowl and the portions are tiny for $ num . size of an appetizer ? sure . main ? no .
wow , really happy with my care from dr . gazda and have referred several family members to him .
delicious food , great wine . if you like rieslings , try their half bottle of gunderloch .
the service was good ( better than other reviews state ) and the food was tasty . typical pub fare .
get the shrimp kisses . amazing . be sure matt is your server . he's amazing .
brewers is a wonderful little community that is open to everyone .
great breakfast and service . ! we will definitely visit again .
seems clean and the staff have been good .
old food . they don't fill up your plate like other locations . also bad customer service .
i enjoyed my visit to sushi kaya , food was excellent , but not as good as the stellar service
good food , drinks , and views . great place to come by boat in the summer !
hands down the best south indian food in the pittsburgh area .
my go to place when i want some bun bo hue or bo kho ! home style cooking is simply amazing !
wow this is an amazing place very beautiful good music fantastic drinks and really good appetizers
experienced doctors that truly care about their patients . they also try to keep it affordable .
large selection , great staff
we closed this place down at num on a monday . beers , ciders , and whisky .
the cutlery directly on the desk , no napkins .
incredible show . so many stunning acts . incredible personable personality . recommend num * ' s .
the best ! love the sweet and sour chicken , tastes just like chicken !
the kabuki specialty roll is delish among others ! great service , food , family friendly ! ! !
i love , love kona grill and you can't beat that happy hour is all day on sunday .
delicious . the burger is authentic , not frozen . and the reese's milkshake is amazing .
i don't even like fried chicken but this place is addicting ! love it , highly reccommended !
j'aime ce buffet c'est le meilleur des meilleurs surtout les brochettes de crevettes superbe place
great persian food . be prepared to be totally satisfied !
kaylee was great . place is kept clean and secure . it's a storage facility folks !
the crispy duck is one of my favorites ! very sweet and caring staff !
we had noodle soup , fried rice , spicy noodles everything was great . for sure we will come back !
i love this vegas dive , locals only , you can buy tiki mugs and shirts too
delicious food and amazing , friendly service . hot chocolate is to die for .
my favorite place to watch the games . the wings and tuna appetizer are awesome !
great service . the staff was incredibly friendly . good group of guys working at this location
best sushi in phoenix . junio is the owner . he's a showman and has a very good restaurant .
too crowded and full of fraternity trash now . beer pong ? i'm getting too old for this shit .
great business . on time . price was as quoted . fantastic job . will use again .
the server was great the food was okay the wait was long not as good as gilbert black bear .
placed my order online , very fast shipping , love my new cle gear .
a little over priced but way good ! ! truly a top notch , quality meal . best pancakes around
great new place in town . freshest food for the best price . great flavor too ! highly recommend !
cherry lash never disappoints thats for sure . i just got my new set and they are gorgeous .
wait time is ridiculous . staff isn't the friendliest and the visit with the doc is very rushed .
the orange scrub on your legs and feet feels so good ! very relaxing , very nice staff .
really good food ! ! quantity and quality way better then bamiyan ! ! been a regular since num
love the atmosphere and definitely try the big boss platter ! great staff .
family owned with super nice employees . very nice experience , so much better than the box stores .
french dip was decent but small for the price . service was pretty sloppy . don't expect much .
great service ! these guys were fast , professional , and better quality at lower price than others .
super cool place ! so glad to have found this funky shop ! great service and tons of goodies !
great service from nick . fastest oil change i have ever had . definitely recommend this shop .
best chai lattee enjoyed this morning . the batista was super helpful with kensington market advice .
their tiramissu sundae is to die for ! their bathrooms are half the size of the bar ( big ! ) .
wings are killer ! happy hour with local craft beer is great . the rest if the food is sub par .
awesome place . we come here every time we are in the sw part of town . reasonable price .
i use the call ahead or online carry out here . great service in a timely fashion !
good sushi for phoenix . fresh , clean , fast service , nice staff . i'm a regular .
amazing bartenders that work here , great atmosphere love halo bar ! best bar in las vegas ! ! !
excellent place for a late night snack . i advise getting everything on your poutine !
prompt response , great advice , and a thorough inspection
was here for a spring training game . had awesome seats . nice stadium . cant wait to come back .
very good , great flavors ! i know because i tried almost all of them . get a punchcard too .
so much better ! mark is amazing with sushi ! love the atmosphere and delicious offerings !
line is not long at num num on a tuesday night . wanted the green tea cake but was sold out .
too much frosting and nothing special about the cupcakes .
placed a delivery order , over num hours later was told they never received the order . shame .
the slowest starbucks , with the least polite / friendly staff that i have ever been to ! ! !
this bakery is delicious ! also , very reasonable priced . the lemon bar is perfection .
very informative . lots of info by a very knowledgeable tour guide ... presented in a fun way .
so good ! great vegetarian restaurant with a dedicated vegetarian sushi chef !
very nice , yet still casual . burger quite delicious . that is all
had a great time ! friendly staff and top quality rental equipment .
why do you put the hand baskets at the end of row 3 , instead of at the front of the store ? dumb .
update your sunday hours please ! anytime i try to go on a sunday evening the stores closed .
it's a good place to come for cheap shakes and food . once , their sign read " all men under $ 4 "
great ambiance . clean kitchen and simple menu . sumptous taste .
the service was good and the food is really great . don't expect a fancy place . go for the food !
redneck magician was awesome ! didn't expect to laugh this much hidden gem at stratosphere
a must-see . don't leave vegas without seeing this . love the audience interaction .
nice twist on a burrito - with rolled sushi . try the house rolls to start . quick lunch .
good customer service and friendly conversational employees .
cold brew on tap , key lime pie donut and wayne's smiling face ... what more could you ask for ?
dont eat here , the onions i ordered were hard , meat was awful was a mistake to go to that place
i've had general tso . mehh ... i've experienced so much better .
the fish here is so fresh , service is fast ! tuna poke is some of the best i've had ! it's sooo good !
expensive but fun
the beer is horrible and dave doesn't know the difference between a cat and a dog .
love this place ! ! ! i exercise just so i can keep eating here ! ! ! great people and prices .
my num time being here , build looks outdated , once inside the lobby is very nice , good experience
the equivalence of mtv in the us ... but ! i like how muchmusic plays more music videos .
bad service no one took my order and i was there for num minutes . everyone there ignored us
i was greeted by two really nice girls today . the food was amazing too . great experience .
good size rice balls for a good price but personally not enough cheese for my liking .
food is just okay . don't order the crunchy roll sushi , i can get better sushi at the grocery store .
long wait so please be patient hot hot hot it's vegas . but worth cheap and good tacos
amazing service and food ! ! it was great portions and good prices for seafood ! great date spot .
can anyone tell me if this restaurant has a bar and / or serves alcohol ? thanks !
best tacos and affordable ! i love paz !
great selection and wonderful community feel . i'm particularly found of the juice bar and hot bar .
omg ! what a find this fun , yummy place ! fantastic food and our waitress nicole was awesome too !
great service , nice menu , but don't order the pannini ' s , they are just a sandwich .
always fresh and great price for what you get ! i like that it caters to glutenfree as well .
meh is the perfect description , it's just plain tex-mex w a fancy name and price .
just had lunch here - delicious ! the tzatziki is fantastic and fresh . the biftek is incredible .
wow . great food , amazing atmosphere , and just great people . very cool . food is to die for .
lies about times closed early and manager was rude and uncaring do not come here ! the rio is better
i don't like leaving bad reviews , but i found a hair in my food . that's just gross .
love the david special and the cold brew coffee ! ! nice staff !
average wasnt impressed prob wont go back there was 4 of us and not one of us wants to go back
i like the walk in the mornings to panera bread and the coffee is the best . great wifi and clean .
great job and wonderful price ! the cleaners where in and out so fast and my carpet looks great
cheap drinks , great pub food , fun atmosphere . it's a dive bar without being a real dive . love it !
woeful awful food , very cheap and nasty toenails and skin sausages , and the chips are white ? ? ?
the num was for their famous pizza , defiantly worth the num min waiting !
just go for the tacos , a side of rice and beans , and make sure you try the sopapillas !
if i wanted to pay for below average mexican food and terrible service then i might come back .
best chimichangas in phx . but don't have any ideas about the atmospere . take the food to go !
really good food . service a little slow but not too bad .
best burgers and fries nearly without salt , what is great !
not color friendly if you get my drift . just speaking the truth .
repeat : not sure
had the pork taco . go with the suggestion of the crispy shell . it was made fresh and hot .
yuummmmyyyy
great food ! pitas and gyros are very reasonably priced ! try the " flaming feta " appetizer .
very clean store ! great selection ! staff is friendly . will definitely return.electronics is great ! !
recommend : tiger shrimp , polenta fries , chianti braised short rib , lobster ravioli !
the tuscan i could bathe in ! wish they shipped out of state though .
this is my favorite italian food spot in town . the gnocchi and ravioli are incredible !
i went here today and it wasnt freezing cold inside like it usually is . it's a christmas miracle !
went in on a winter day and amazed by their interior .
very oily food , half burnt kabobs . poor management . wouldn't go there again .
good local dive , can't beat the prices , and savannah is an awesome bartender ! ! . cheers
a real diner in wanless / bedford park ? get out ! go for the all day breakfast !
my husband and i got pretty sick from the peanut butter banana shake . this place is over rated !
after the meal , i strongly suggest to try their deserts ! very creative and tasty !
awesome , you have got to try this place at least once in your lifetime , it was that good !
great pizza and subs . num minutes for take out pizza when their busy
i did not really like the dim sum . i would try the regular lunch menu . i would go back again .
good job super fast came pick up the phone at work and return to me within 3 hours thanks
fresh and tasty donuts at a very good price . excellent service !
great service . they always have our custom dozen in under num min . with a map to boot !
best breakfast in pitt hands down . the omelette are super good . must try if you visit pitt
very helpful staff that goes the extra mile to give ideas and solutions to your current project .
awesome service . old school video games and fair prices . who doesn't love this place ?
the jerk pulled pork sandwich is soooooooooooo gooooood omgggg
the fetalicious pizza is the bomb ! you do not need to be a vegetarian to enjoy this pie !
their turkey club croissant is amazing . such a good lunch stop !
the best gym in las vegas . been to all them this has helped me become better than i've ever been .
great teppanyaki experience for my num year old son . yay for awesome charter school teachers ! ! !
i like their hazelnut coffee , nice outdoor seating , ample parking .
great service , competitive and quality . these guys are easy to work with .
nice local pub . younger crowd when i was there . decent selection of beer-to-go .
good deal on tires , wait time is fast , friendly staff member , and convenient location .
good food and a fun experience . fried japanese delights , sushi and awesome appetizers .
good food . good service . tiny parking lot . try the texican ! ground beef and chorizo . yum .
food is subpar . as is the service . go farther west .
david was a great server ! he was hilariously funny and the food was very tasty as well .
best pho and best pork fried rice on the planet . hands down !
good place to get taiwanese food . however the kitchen hygiene needs some improvement .
stand outs for me here are the kimchee fried rice , bulgogi and kalbi ! so good ! ! !
we just went today for a to go order had a beer at the bar nice happy hour num pints coooool
mind ... blown . japanese precision and simplicity with impeccable french technique . nuff said .
apparently publicity is more important than their customer base .
slow but the prime ribs are soooo good . the brownie is good as well . the salmon is so-so .
@sweet . n.salty for more
the dumplings are amazing ! i wish i could eat num of them . this is a hidden gem near nellis afb .
high quality sushi ! you get what you pay for . lots of amazing special rolls with great flavors !
simply superb ... professional and courteous - fixed on the spot and fully explained all repairs .
been going here to vu for 5 years , awesome service and my nails always look amazing ! !
small , smelly , and an embarrassment for a skyclub .
mary margherita is a must try !
awesome neighbourhood cafe ... i love dropping in . good food . great coffee .
casual dining at it's best . great view , food , and service .
my favorite ice cream place by far ! offering great flavors and unique sundae options !
ok bar . decent staff . food ... not great . good-sized patio outside . needs some updating .
great professional place to relax for a good massage , nice quiet place close to the strip
good place to watch the game . tv's are perfectly placed to view all games being played ! !
this is perfect for a girls nite or date nite ! the hosts are fun , yummy wine & popcorn !
tried this new item yu yuan and loved it ! just a few more pieces more would be great !
food is delicious ... customer service is friendly and attentive ... beers are cold ... we will be back
really friendly , accommodating staff . just went for a trim . prices are very fair .
absolutely the best . real , authentic food , generous portions . a must try when in the area .
try sweet and sour fish and the big platter of the steamed dumplings
great lil coffee spot . perfect for meeting people , or just unwinding after a long day . super chill
very friendly , accommodating and family owned ... we love taking our 3 doxies there . :)
great place ! they have special knowledge with english bulldogs which is an added bonus !
homey place - - the food was great and our waitress janel was a sweetheart .
amazing brunch , great setting , fun menu , and the best coffee you will find .
food is amazing ! staff is super friendly ! ! highly recommend ! pretty kickass place ! ! !
delicious coffee ! great place to grab a cup as you wait for a table at pamela's .
i was able to get an appointment the same day , no long wait . will update review on my second visit .
cheap korean food but you get what you pay for . it's quite popular but i'm not sure why .
great little neighborhood burger shop . try the different toppings for something new .
lunch is mediocre here , so don't make my mistake . go for dinner .
i simply love kung fu tea . milk green tea with tapioca please !
great gyros and friendly staff . i stop in each time i'm in the area . you won't be disappointed !
the price was good and they did fast , a huge dent on both doors only took 3 days .
helpful and knowledgeable . they've earned my business .
interesting and fun attraction with quite a nice meal / restaurant at the conclusion .
ce anytime .
just tried the chili tonight , my favorite dish thus far . never had a bad meal though .
average food , for the price i was really expecting better quality .
great calm atmosphere , chai tea is amazing ! definitely a place i would come to again .
really fun candy store in the st hubert shopping corridor
good atmosphere , great service , food was just okay .
great pork and sweet corn tamales ! yum ! i just ate and already want to go back for more !
keeping this sweet and simple , this place is great ! best chicken fingers around :)
nice atmosphere . good service . fantastic food !
i love this place . my favors weekend breakfast spot .
place is gourgous but you can't get a cheap drink anywhere . even the sports bar is upper crust .
the sauce is delicious ! the food was cooked on the spot fresh ! lastly the price is affordable
i will be returning for sure
a little pricey for a 2 pound lobster , but a great $ num lunch special !
was difficult to find parking . but the actual salon was professional not dramatic like most salons
delicious food , attentive staff and good prices range
yuck . so unauthentic . makes me ache for detroit middle eastern options .
had the cheeseburger , probably could've eaten 5 of them . easily the best burgers in the city .
amazing best chocolate martinis ever and the bartender was so friendly and fun to hang with .
great service . food was good bar food nice atmosphere . great place to chill and have a beer .
one of my favorite mexican food places ... really good food , really quick service ! !
food was average . service was great ! ... the only memorable thing was : open on num
i love the movie theater but the smoke is terrible . then again every casino has the same issue .
we went there on vacation . the food was good and the jazz quintet excellent .
this place is amazing . good fresh food . great people and they deliver to their neighbors .
spend your hard-earned money , time and joyment and don't miss this place at all costs .
had my hair cut and colored by mary and i couldn't be happier .
sure the cookies are great , but i waited 2 hours for my delivery . that's just unacceptable .
tawni is fast and does a great job . i would recomend her to anyone .
the server was great thank you ! everything was so very good ! loved the place and the food !
nice place , great amenities . pet friendly ( yuck )
happy customer * * *
best egg sandwich i've ever had . lots of fresh avocado and empty munster cheese .. delicious
just left this place with my friends bikini girlz so nice beer draft ice cold .. nice ! ! ! ...
i have been a customer of this place for num years . i have always loved the people jeff and vicki .
they messed up my order and did not fix it or bring the proper order after the mess up .
no ac but it aight . good food per dollar . * thumbs up
ok the food is typically pretty good but i have a hard time paying $ num for fast food mexican .
great massage by collette . obviously very experienced ! i think all the knots are out !
loved this hidden gem ! definitely felt like i was at home . customer service was amazing
the three meat and veggie combo was nice and pretty filling for one person . very friendly service .
this place is always good and alex is the best !
expensive , but the best corned beef you can find in kent .
good variety of seafood , but just needs more seasoning added to it .
don't go there . they try or pressure you stuff you don't need and they are all weird .
watch out for what they charge you for
the best mexican food i've ever had . fresh . hot and spicy . tons of flavor . done deal .
great spot , good food . sam fox is some kind of genius .
we just went to this place for the first time tonight . i will recommend it to my friends .
almost forgot to rate red num inside the wynn : taste isn't that bad and the price is fair .
my wife and i bought 3 mini canolis last night when we open the box this morning it's just 1 ..
went here with some friends visiting from chicago , good food and service was excellent .
great place n atmosphere reasonably priced food , deserts , etc . highly recommend ! ! !
good food ! fast delivery ! a little pricy but what chinese take out isn't ! i would order again !
just bought my new subaru crosstrek here and am highly satisfied .
what a great find ! absolutely the best food in the lake norman area . great service too !
amazing ice cream ! had raspberry brownie and it was great . wonderful and polite service .
good sales on party food . the customer service was great and the employees were helpful .
love this place ! i got the mahi mahi tacos . soooooooo gooooood ! their salsas are out of this world !
i love this nekter location ! the staff is always so friendly and helpful with suggestions !
great breakfast . pot of bread is unique and delicious . as good an omelette as i've ever eaten .
apparently it's just a suggestion on what time you want them to arrive . i would not recommend .
walked out due to tech yelling at young girl that couldn't explain what she was looking for .
friendly staff and awesome selection of dave's killer bread brand .
always great customer service and of course surf ' n turf ! never disappointed ! a + thank you !
excellent ! i love their tacos and salsa bar ! the food is really fresh and delicious .
just like in the show but much smaller ! ! there was a line of people just to walk inside ! !
really good revamped menu ! enjoying the hula burger with garlic aoli . definite recommendation ...
ordered the pomodoro with some red peppers . the food was delicious with huge quantity .
manny is your man , if you need a professional fix for your house . sympathetic and hands on .
all i can say love black cat coffee house best moracan mint tea in the valley of the sun ! !
just called in an order and was told they can't take my order . very rude on the phone .
beware ! ! ! lauren cleaned a 3 bedroom house for me that was not very dirty and charged me $ num ! ! !
great cigar and waitress , pappy num year and great service , one of my favourite places in vegas ! !
good , great poutine ... burger tastes like burger king .
typical for an older crowd but the place has decent service , good food , live bands on weekends .
no need to say more .
old school vegas feel ! love it ! delicious food ! ! ! one of my favorite steakhouses in the country !
num second review go ! ! ! @ @ @ its a big ass gift shop . do visit here . the end .
best burgers i'm gilbert . great service and very clean . funky bathroom . like ... real unique .
fantastic place , great atmosphere . the crispy octopus taco and hakka dumplings were our favourites .
really poor service dirty rooms everything about it is just discust there's bugs all over
awesome burger place and the fried pickles are the bomb
ordered a " dirty chai " hopefully i got that right and omg ! it is heaven i love this place .
excellent customer service from kelsey in helping me in making adjustments to my reservation .
mother's day ruined . very expensive . had to wait num minutes for our food . beautiful decor .
well wife has the day off so me her and daughter just have to stop in for some awesome pizza
i frequent this buffet on the regular and me and my family enjoy the food and love the service
service is customized and insightful for small businesses and personal taxes .
found a bloody band-aid inside napkin with utensils . walked out with a family of num . enough said !
the food here is excellent but the num cent transaction fee for credit card is ridiculous .
great beer selection . terrible service and bad management . the food is good if it comes out right !
i have been in this restaurant for 5 times . their food is great and is worthy to come back .
and no weekend early bird special
great pizza place . it's amazing how close it tastes to pizza in firenze ! graci
* awesome * hamburger ( the big one - - steak sandwich ) . skip the fries .
i've never met such an unfriendly people at any fast food place or restaurant . they need new staff .
disappointed .
decent shop , good service and clean waiting area with courtesy shuttle to get you to work / home .
amazing place the best hotel , best day club , very modern hotel , i love this hotel
great food and nice atmosphere . maybe a little loud , get used to that it's an octopus party !
best delivery pizza in toronto ! greasy nyc style street pizza . great value and delivered in num min !
joey was super great and efficient . thank you for your service . i'll definitely recommend joey !
pricy compared to the quality of their food . i came to here once and won't consider coming back
meh ... too expensive wasnt the best or worst buffet but i really wouldnt do it again
love this place shana did a amazing job on my eyebrows
love the brands they carry ! the customer service needs a bit of work . :)
excellent and professional staff with a beautiful facility . sleep issues ? come here !
their hot cheesy bread is amazing ! check them out at the farmer's market , too !
dentist rectified the situation ! thank you dr . greenwood ! his teeth look amazing .
it's a little confusing to get out once you are there , but aside from that it is really nice .
pizza and wings were good . service and atmosphere friendly . would definitely come back .
grand view - that just about sums it up . the only other thing worth mentioning is the price .
tables tops sticky .
ordered via grub hub . super courteous delivery and the best thai in the area hands down !
excellent sushi ! hospitality and atmosphere are right on .
local eats always delivers fresh and tasty food . forager salad - amazing . all of the pizzas too !
i would recommend the salmon .
great massage . strong hands and very professional ! ! way better than traveling to a spa !
this restaurant is the entire package . great food and even better service . i
i order 3 tacos pancita , pastor and shrimp my tortilla came out cold service it's very slow
not quite the nathan's i grew up with in new york . disappointing .
had my first ever peameal bacon sandwich here . what a life changing moment .
my favorite pizza ! all the toppings smothered in a lovely layer of cheese !
great fun park . you can bring your man's best friend and have great times . good racquetball courts .
tony is the man , he is always has his clients best interst in mind .
very tasty . made fresh right in front of you . a little pricey , but worth every penny .
so fresh and delish . my husband and my favorite lunch spot on the weekend . closed sundays :(
great place to eat . large portions . huge list of daily specials . you won't leave hungry !
i thought this was a thrift shop ? well , i gagged at their prices ... no thanks and no way .
always a repeat for me .. from brunch to dinner it is excellent one can't ask for better
pretty good chinese food , reasonable prices . i eat here often .
excellent food , authentic indian food taste in a fast food environment . clean and convenient .
num hours open is the biggest thing i like a bout this place ..
the food and service was great . enjoyed the chicken piccata and parmesan on several occasions .
good for lunch or light dinner . like the chicken salad sandwich but don't love the slaw .
love port of subs ! my favorite sub chain . i just wish they were more conveniently located .
my favorite dentist office i've ever been to ! they're always so amazing and do a great job !
this is the only place in madison to get a good gyro . its in trader gus ' gas station . ( shell )
always an amazing time , amazing drinks at an affordable price and fantastic owner and staff .
i don't understand why so many ppl goes here to get drinks , it taste awful . sharetea is the best
small intimate place for what it is its nice .
european atmosphere with great coffee and handmade food for all times of the day . friendly staff .
best burger in scottsdale ! great bar . super friendly staff . what more could you ask for ? ?
just a wonderful meal . everything was fantastic . the broth on the scallop dish was divine .
variety on the menu , generous portions , well priced ... a nice , no fuss breakfast restaurant .
if you want cold enchiladas where the cheese inside isn't melted and it's rock hard eat here .
the chicken flatbread pizza was awesome . had a great dinning experience . i will be back ,
rum cupcake - that is all you need to know .
now get some gabila knishes back
amazing little bistro . the food is great and service is exceptional . need to try the lamb chops !
it was alright . the portions got a lil bigger for some dishes .
good atmosphere and live music sunday night . $ 2 beer in a bag all day sunday . fun spot .
lovely restaurant . food was very good . drinks very good . view of bellagio fountains ... amazing .
my brisket and ribs were as dry as a bone ! needed to was every bite down with my drink .
as the son of two hoosiers i felt at home . really
so soft , so tasty , almost better than waiola in honolulu , but matsumoto's is still no . 1 !
ice cream is amazing ( but the iced tea tastes like bananas ) . i still love this place .
service was slow and by the glass wine selection is lacking . hopefully it improves with time .
great food , fast service ! awesome for lunch . definitely recommended for good middle eastern food
outstanding gluten free options . great services !
awesome sauce . a nice and different coffee house experience with sandwiches and pastry items .
awful service and the meat was raw . never coming here again .
very good food - also try brownstone pinot grigio - great friendly service
lots of trails out here to run , hike or bike . num % are single track and technical .
awesome to find out that they have a regular open mic / live music schedule
affordable and great food packed with flavor . had the lengua bowl and it was amazing !
dr . han is a very experience and kind heated person . she treat every patient as her family .
great deal .
excellent setting , great prices and out of this world coffee !
amazing amazing amazing ! it's crazy how they turned this location into a bier markt so quick
very courteous staff . car was taken exactly at my appointment time . very comfortable waiting area .
good decent ramen spot outside of the strip .
the food is not as good at the new place , as it was in the old resturant .
decent thai food . i really like the larb but i felt like the entrees were somewhat small portions .
gross food and horrible service . hurts my stomach everytime . never going back . also rude servers
the pizza is great and the staff is incredibly friendly ! ! i would recommend sabatino's to anyone !
so many books ! so many dvd's ! a lot of music . real cheap prices !
answered all my question . fast service .
always a blast , very safe place . reasonable drink prices and great music in the heart of old town .
good place to watch ufc ( if you're looking for quiet ) beer is cheap , food is decent .
very good breakfast ! great prices for the amount of food you get . we will definitely be back .
sandwiches are fresh and the place is clean . always stop here when buying marine fish close by .
great waiter ( scott ) . food is delicious . manager ( marcus ) is very personable
great food and great service :) burgatory is my favorite burger place in pittsburgh :)
i've experienced way better . will not come back and the food is super heavy .
amazing , delicious food ! new favorite place to eat and definitely a must if you're in pittsburgh .
not the best ever , but pretty decent stuff . a slice for $ num in downtown ? i'll be back .
the best mexican restaurant in scottsdale ! great food and really friendly staff . must try ! !
great food and good service definitely a nice bar with a lot of action
great pizza joint ! pizza is simple but ingredients are delicious . really awesome service too
awesome , authentic mexican food . huge portions , fresh toppings and a great atmosphere .
great service ! fast food i enjoyed the place and will be coming soon the servings are huge .
will not stay here again , they need major cleaning and upgrades .
absolutely loved ! ! ! came here with my bro and nephew and it was great ! ! ! soooo much fun ! ! ! :)
nice , clean and not over-the-top grandiose like most hotels in vegas . i'd gladly stay here again .
popusas lindas . neseras buenas .. digo digo buenad popusas y lindas meseras yo regreso ...
best pub in vegas . get the ruben if you don't mind some cream in your jeans .
perfect food every time and always great service . couldn't ask for anything better from them .
best vape shop in vegas ! great juice exceptional service ! ! ! i won't go anywhere else :)
rusty is super professional , on time , gets the job done ; fair . recommend a + +
always long line up . and cashier doesn't care about customer . only 3 cashier . wast time
love this place . i would eat here everyday if my waistline would allow :)
ivy did a good job . salon is so clean with exclusive products . customer service is geeat
dank
rude employees , and overpriced yogurt . avoid this place and prevent dealing with snobby old ladies .
had their zeppoles and i must say that they were quite good . probably top 5 in montreal .
service still very slow in the bar area but the servers are very nice and helpful
handled my mom's funeral flawlessly , the whole staff was very comforting and friendly .
thanks , that is all .
with a shortage of our vaccine , this location was very convenient having hours open on the weekend .
good prices , great hookahs , good food ! a very chill place to hang out with friends . also free wifi
i highly recommend
sat at bar for 5 minutes while male bartender flirted with females ... worst " kilt " in the valley !
this should be mandatory training for ccw holders . learned a lot today ! definitely coming back .
best fish and chips abt the leven , methil area
great food and service . but i beg you , split your meal with your mate ! portions are huge .
great buffet of the num hr deal w / o up charge . gets crowded , but good for a buffet .
staff is always nice , food is always hot and cooked well .
great food , service and classic music . i come here ask the time when visiting my mom !
don't despair . bob's diner is opening in early num at this location . bob's is five star !
tons of seating , same great pizza . lunch special is one of the best around .
great beer , excellent atmosphere , good food . try the musles , and the pizza .
just another casino mexican place with the same old food . not even good enough for a doggie bag .
breath taking views and fantastic ribs ! followed by kyle canyon coffee ! great staff as well ! ! !
quick and kind . you get a deal with a gel mani + pedi .
i think is a great convenient location . we only go there for gas , so ... it gets the job done ! ! !
wow amazing steak top notch service whole experience a plus sides are generous delicious
love it ! great food , prices , and service ! ! would recommend for dinein or takeout .
great customer service at this location . matt is excellent to work with
call ahead , menu is online
really great naan . have only had fish and veg dishes but never had a dish that wasn't really good .
this place did the impossible . it hired girls that are grosser than the girls at baindaids
great atmosphere , food , and service ! the octopus tacos were great along with all their salsas .
excellent place ! , i highly recommend . very nice people , great treatments . love them !
made my switch to dutch bros ! ! love the variety and the staff is super super friendly
best staff ever ! ! ! baristas are friendly and the store has really been looking great ! ! !
this is in fact a shitty store . but they have great flowers that are very cheap !
seating inside can be hard to find sometimes , but otherwise like any other sbux around .
cute place with a delicious cap ! perfectly proportionate .
amazing place ... so inexpensive and so enjoyable . firm massages but amazing on my feet .
posted here in error . never been here and it won't let me delete .
we come here when ever we are in town . great thai food , reasonable prices , good service .
good value for prime rib and tasty too !
helena k
clean restrooms .
overpriced and real chinese cuisine much better at hwy num num minutes away
great vibe - very cool - retro hipster type place :)
whatever you do , get the guacamole and chips ... the best . good service too !
awesome staff . good buds for great prices . one of my go to places for my meds . check it out .
complete bad experience . promises made and not kept . i cannot recommend this company to anybody .
great lunch spot . close and convenient . fresh and friendly . attractive and affordable .
service beyond reproach , cuisine that melts in your mouth . thanks chef ramsey !
great pizza ! online ordering ! fast , friendly service ! huge menu
worst panda in town . i will never be back . the girl was rude and only filled up our boxes half way .
curry is pretty smooth , nothing spectacular , service is on par ...
nickel and dime ... be clear on what you are getting or be surprised at check out .
great delicious food ! i had the nachos my daughter had the burrito .. great customer service
for the price this mexican food is fast and on point
no better comic shop in the madison area
this time around was even better ! these people are ballsmazing . * insert karate kid theme song here *
very good service . had recall and got loaner for the day . and service writer helped a lot
they made me a combination barbecue chicken and buffalo chicken pizza that was outrageously good .
awesome food . great drinks . great service . reminds me of eating and drinking in nyc .
john is very professional and thorough . unfortunately his staff is not .
this place is making mad money . still busy on a sunday night at num ! ! ! people craving bbt .
we had a lot of fun ! i personally thought the younger guys were the funniest ! we will go back !
i ate the spam musibi it was ono i tried a sample of the wings it was ono mahalo !
another solid corner eatery in charlotte's dilworth area . great lunch specials and fast service .
how dare you try and charge me to walk into a damn bar . pathetic .
really good food , wonderful service and a fun atmosphere ! mexican coffee is delicious !
very slow and unorganized . office staff is nice but worst orthodontist ever .
the best food in phoenix ... hands down ! i have yet to find a dish that isn't off the hook .
wow , what a deal ! $ num for num hrs of as many buffets you can hit in about 5 casinos ...
great food , great service , great atmosphere and friendly staff ! they truly deserve five stars .
love the s'mores bowls , so many options and flavors ! the service is always pleasant and quick .
' quaint ' little place . the bibimbap is nothing to write home about , but is fast and cheap
place is huge and love all the bar games but also has a fresh look to it ! and the food is good !
i do trust them to store my valuables ! great customer service and very modern technology .
aaron the waiter is awesome and very knowledgeable
this business is solid . these people are friendly , fast and efficient . overall , great experience .
good food great service ... definitely a big fan now :)
i've been told they re-opened . can't wait to go find out for sure .
really good food ! try the veal and spinach ravioli . wings are great as are the salads .
i love this place ! food is fantastic , the staff is wonderful and the caipirinha's are legit .
had the lump crab cocktail , num filet and the brussels sprouts . omgosh absolutely delicious :) )
probably one of the best fresh pizza around ryerson . prices are cheap , friendly staff as well .
bit overpriced . ordered # 3 veggie with tofu sandwich . kale salad & pasta sides . chocolate milk . $ num
i always forget why i don't come here and then i remember . it's mediocre at best .
great simple and tasty hand-made dumplings
short , but fun course ... worth the green fee ! friendly staff . no driving range .
i think this restrants noddle is the best in montreal downtow . i like to eat this noddle
hole in the wall with great food . this is my favorite vietnamese restaurant in phoenix .
nice brunch and decent portions ! the country store is cute and had a lot of neat things .
this place has the best happy hour . great food and drinks . you seriously can't go wrong !
love the thrifty ice cream . prices are a bit high for it though . customer service was quite rude .
service was horrible and food was mediocre at best ~ won't be going back
thursday evenings are great ! happy hour from num pm . great service and atmosphere .
great breakfast burritos . super nachos . carne asada . all delicious . small venue , not enough seats
best hole in the wall mexican food in tempe
clean place . great service . located walking distance of everything
cheap , fast , friendly , quality food , and best comfort food . my fave is gail's eggs in egg whites !
excellent petite filet .
thanks guys . great job ! !
good eats . pizza can be a bit greasy , but we have visited multiple times .
rosemary braised beef or ribeye sammie . no need for talk , just go now and thank me later
another great meal by chef vincent & dinning seminar by david & barbra rothschild of eatiquette .
it was merely ok . service was quick and friendly . menu is small . dining room is dark and crowded .
divey dive , not one , but two simpsons pinball games ! !
checked out the dumplings at zenzen taste . tasted all four flavors . good !
real good for the price . clean friendly service
friendly staff and really good food , my favourite to go place . must go
we went into the heart of omnia side and it is amazzzing . great dj . good drinks . love it .
i loooove my gel nails . i'm relocating to tempe , and i already found my new nail salon ! !
loooovvvee their fro-yo ! ! the establishment is always clean & the staff is always friendly !
ok slow service . food was just ok . i won't be back
i iove puppies n love ! purchased my puppy here and theyre amazing ! the staff is super friendly ! !
nice clean friendly store with restaurant and bakery and tortillas and cheese
great place love the pasta and salad pizza is fresh and hot . great price for the buffet
frozen hot chocolate is amazing !
still amazing the second time around . the chu-toro blew my mind away that day .
great food and very thoughtful employees ! might i suggest the buffalo grilled sandwich .
this place was ok . i think they were overwhelmed by the convention lunch business .
xd extreme digital
food is boring , no imagination . seems like the food is cooked in a rush hence the lack of flavour
really high quality fish . some of the best sushi i've had in a long time .
ordered huevos rancheros and eggs florentine . decent place for quick brunch . loved the service
okay , business trip and eating a buffet alone .. let's see how it goes
the dentist does the cleanings so you get a maximum amount of time with the dentist .
oh my god ! ! ! their carne asada burrito ! ! ! i think i could eat that every single day !
tom kra gai = great . plus , the fake fish in the fish tank provide never-ending entertainment .
the lakeview poutine will fix any glum mood .
good food , awesome staff , i just wish the place was a little bigger .
great pizza service is pretty good love the feel and the environment this place delivers
great pizza and surprisingly fast service . the pizzas came within num min of ordering .
great food great service and they have an awesome lunch specials for only $ num schweeeeet ! ! ! !
bitter , not that great , expensive . small , sterile , cold , sparsely decorated space . give it a miss !
great place for a quick hike and views of the valley are beautiful .
i asked if they have gluten-free options . they said : " no , we don't have anything for free . sorry . "
outstanding food for a reasonable price . great and friendly service ! one of my favorite eateries !
what can say , except awesome ! donuts and service worth the drive . keep up the good work ...
super good ffod , friendly , order is always read wehen we get there , no issues . very happy !
a rare look at a group of kind and respectful people . love it
omfg ! ! ! this place is a dump ! ! ! i should stop trying to be cheap ! ! !
friendly staff . make sure you order the gyro plate and souvlaki plate . yum !
it was good . i loved my salad but my short rib was a bit dry . the sides were delicious .
great food awesome people i come here . go there and see my awesome friend shanon
this place sucks ! ! ! food is horrible and wayyyyy over priced . fast food taste better .
great service , good food , good seating . just a little pricey . i will return but 2 of us spent $ num .
place is amazing ! best pad thai ever ! it also fairly inexpensive especially for lunch :)
not bad , been a few times now , prices are decent and the broth is good !
one of the best steakhouse in las vegas , pineapple martini is to die for ! lobster mac n cheese
num hrs goodness . love the king cut prime rib here : num with beer . the service is always great .
whyy whyyy whyy ! ! ! my favorite shakes in the whole world and its closed .. * sadface .
don't go here ! i'm sure i got overcharged , and the massage chairs don't work !
homemade focaccia with fresh pesto ? yes please !
friggin ' delicious considering i'm not even a sandwich person ! the godmother is a must-try !
had a pleasant lunch . good burgers , fries , and onion rings .
good service and what i expected . a bit slow but we got through the line
we went here for my birthday a few years ago and we really liked the vibe . intimate and fun .
meh ... typical generic sports bar . not thing special . at least the beer list has craft beer .
sabina is the best . highly recommended . she does the best lashes as well might i add ;)
if you're from out of town this place is a must ! ! !
quaint european style bakery in the heart of henderson .
super fast , super friendly ! definitely recommend this place !
food was only okay , plated nicely but taste was mediocre ( mostly just carbs like rice and pasta ) .
extremely impressed ! excellent service , very tasty and authentic . i would highly recommend it ...
the downstairs outdoor dining is wonderful . the best chile chile rellenos out there !
always a good time ! love the variety of acts and themes .
nice day to visit edinburgh castlr then walking around , it's pricey but apart from that it's good
awesome menu , very different . the food was amazing , service was fabulous . great place !
very good . not the type of mexican food i grew up with ... but a lighter more flavorful fare .
i absolutely love this place ! just waiting for the one to open thats closer to my house !
anything you order , it takes num minutes ... if you really want to waste your time . stop by
fun place to go ... who doesn't love ripping into crab legs with their bare hands ...
just like all the other vigs this place has a great vibe and awesome spot for dinner and a drink .
great service and very convenient .
pretty unusual place which is quite pricy but classy . i thought it was great .
loved it , fish taco excellent , shrimp burrito loaded ! ! ! will be back
the food was outstanding , the atmosphere was awesome and our server , leon , was great !
excellent poke also they carry a wide array of hawaiian products , so go down there check m out !
lots of merchandise . dated interior . bit run down . friendly staff
best thai restaurant is charlotte . great food . i love the duck in red sauce .
great market , everything middle eastern available , restaurant fantastic , and prices competitive !
food is fresh and the employees are polite and attentive . one of my favorite lunch spots .
food was good .. service was ok .. seen better ..
mexican fast food , fun to see the cooking preparation . perfect choice for a quick meal and run .
best bacon deluxe burger at 2 o'clock in the morning we bought one and got one free delicious
quaint restaurant . food was decent . service was not amazing , but decent . probably wouldn't return .
honored our request refunded our money due to error on dates of tickets . honest mistake .
the chicken teppanyaki noodles was awesome . a little to spicy for me though .
nice byow venue . food is delicious , but prices are ridiculously high . service is not the best .
great food , friendly staff , mobile ordering , clean , wifi , and a kids play area . awesome .
great food , loved the mac & cheese and the ribs ..
i don't know why there are bad reviews for this place food was yummy and our server was awesome !
love this place . the staff is great . rooms renovated . cool bar . happening place .
i love this place , everyone is so nice , i just wish they had wifi !
mind blowing ... how in the world does he do that ? must see ... i was absolutely amazed .
kyle is great . shop is clean and guys inside are cool . great artists and quality work .
took amazing care of my little brat . he was happy as a clam coming from his teeth cleaning .
great philly cheese steak , fries , and ranch ! i'd definitely recommend this place !
good stuff ! i liked work by several of the featured artists , especially sevki kuzay .
this place is great ! i can get gas and great variety of food . customer service is a num .
best menudo in town ! they serve red and white . i can't wait to come back to try their tamales ! ! ! :)
definitely would go back again ! love the authenticity and creativity in cooking .
haven't had a bad meal here yet despite other reports . service has always been excellent .
excellent food , great prices and an awesome beer list . this restaurant never disappoints !
this place is so big and packed with so many treasures ! ! wow ... check it out for sure !
my second favorite yogurt place ! i love the oatmeal cookie flavor yogurt ; mmm ...
love this place ! my family goes here every sunday . dog friendly and professional staff !
classic fish and chips . the gravy is good . just like how a fish and chip place should be .
good stuff . my favorite is the white chocolate raspberry bundtlet .
horrible experience
great vibes , and affordable ! right in the heart of noda .
great pho . small , vegetarian friendly and not at all boring . go to there !
excellent food and service . the sushi and noodle lunch special is quite reasonable .
good solid tourist entertainment ... be sure to use a coupon and its worth it .
i only went to the target here . shopping center appeared to be huge .
best cab service i've used in phoenix . reliable , great car , nice driver .
the holiday turkey sandwich is so good , i just ordered one 4 days after thanksgiving !
ghetto . occasional strange people and smells .
the resturant was dead for a friday night . the food was good and the service was very good .
went there tonight bartender abby suggested a beer she thought i would like and it was amazing
great little family run diner . prices are reasonable and food is fresh & tasty !
best lunch you'll ever have . great atmosphere , music and service . a delightful joint to enjoy tgif .
hot honey garlic , medium hot . best wings on earth , end of story .
good food but some dinner nights , food is stale but wait staff is kind and helpful .
rooms really big nice and clean . awsome for bachlors party .
fun fun fun in scottsdale ! great team building event ! join the fun ! ! !
great ship ! very kid friendly ! large menu ! they have cronies ! the ice cream was simply a delight !
i live next door and always come here . always come hungry and leave happy . good food . great prices .
the flavor of the froyo tasted very " fake " the waffle was okay . not very soft either .
i had high hopes for raj mahal , but i got sick after eating the buffet . at least it was tasty ?
guac included .
lily is our new fav !
always great . try the royal red robin burger ! !
a great option for vegetarians when you're craving chinese takeout !
- daniel j group 2 culture and cuisine
good restaurant but not great atmosphere . shrimp ceviche was good . service was average
great job on window tinting ! i'll be using them for future mechanical work too !
good coffee , nice atmosphere and friendly service . what more do you need from a coffee house ?
the avgolemono soup and greak salad are amazing . i would highly recommend this place .
simply amazing ! you can taste their passion for the product . quality drinks . top notch service .
quick in and out . total less than num min . nice people , clean place and lots of parking .
super nice dude up front awesome sub extra bacon yummy no lines fast service clean and ready
i love this place . " kung pow " shrimp is to die for .
the staff is courteous and fast . they did a very good job on my car .
ribeye steak and eggs with pot of bread . best breakfast in las vegas ! ! !
very personal and professional . easy to get set up and the facility is very secure and clean .
lots of fun ; learned a lot ; and ate lots of bbq . i ready to go out and buy a smokers .
i live nearby so this nail store became my new favour place ! great service in an affordable price ! !
the kobe beef is awesome and melts in your mouth .
the breakfasts are yummy and the morning beverage are delish . wifi is fast and free . two thumbs up !
not as fancy as the other hotels but i prefer this one - cheaper slots !
- wonderful owners !
walk in , got gel polish fingers and toes , they were very gentle and quick good price .
my husband chuck shared my sentiments exactly . rapid response is awesome ! thank you so much ! ! !
best pizza ever . i love this place . every bite was great . wait staff very good .
it's the same golden jade at silver star . portion of dishes are big . good to have 4 + ppl to go .
wonderful spot down the street from my hotel to grab coffee and cupcakes !
slow service , appetizer came it with meal and slow to fill water glasses . not worth the high price .
hits the spot on sooo many levels . soup and sandwich , what else could you ask for ! ! !
best charlotte bowling experience ...
awesome staff and service ! ! dr . mike does great work and maria is the best massage therapist .
this is sad mexican food , i feel bad for the people who have to eat this , or choose too .
bulldog , you're great .
always great pizza
this place is excellent ! great price and great customer service ! also , a complimentary drink !
their squash soup warms the heart !
super friendly owners , fast service and delicious food . try the chicken on the coup !
we have had titan for num years . we love them . they respond quickly .
great donuts , friendly staff especially tony ! wife and i pickup donuts at least three times a week .
i jogged it . it was steep as fuk . i almost passed out . vacations should not include death .
when it's open , it's cool . when it's endlessly closed most times ? how i loathe thee !
food it's great and friendly staff ... if they mess up order the make sure to overly correct
excited to go back here :)
my son loves it here ! good dim sum for the right price . we will definitely come back :)
a favorite museum ! art studio and other inquiry-based children's exhibits are a must-see !
always a treat to go . great atmosphere ! facility maybe a bit small .
delicious french toast , western omelette and great customer service . will keep coming back .
this such a great place to grab something really cute to wear on spontaneous weekend fun ...
super staff , super selection , this store rocks !
good location and nice food ! enjoyed my steak and would go there again when i stay in glendale
sehr gut besuchtes restaurant mit einer guten auswahl . etwas laut war es dadurch .
would not honor reservation prices . payless is now off my list of places to rent a car from .
terrible store never an associate to help you !
no gym . room wasn't clean . a lot of street noise . but great location .
a girl named evelina helped me , she is the best !
decent , convenient , hearty , oily ... nothing special , but nothing wrong either .
awesome massage and sugar scrub ask for regina she's the best back feels great thanks
good vegan food .. lot of choices ... i ordered singapore rice noodles super delicious .. good service
we had the short ribs and they were wonderful ! very tender . the staff was amazing and helpful .
fixed my flats and feed me lunch ... what else does a girl need . food was good
our favorite tapas restaurant bar none . food is always great and flamenco dancing was great .
small kiosk-like starbucks with no seating , but friendly and fast service .
i guess they stop the show after midnight =\
the steam beef cheeks baos are the best thing ever . only wish the place was bigger .
severely overpriced for what you get . however , the wings are pretty damn tasty .
excellent service . excellent food . great decor . generous portions . definitely worth a try !
pritti is awesome . great waxing and amazing facials ! ! !
one of the best taco shops ever ! conveniently located off the freeway , good food , good family !
so yummy ! ! ! i am not a burger person but the burger with melted brie was to die for ! ! !
beautiful presentation and delicious food . the servers were hospitable and attentive .
thank you so much dr caster and laura for everything you guys have took my pain away :) ! !
good food , fun atmosphere and great staff ! sweet potato fries were excellent as was the french dip .
great meal . excellent food , but our waiter russ made the evening perfect and fun .
been going here for about two years ... sarah does a wonderful job . guess that says it all .
great service and staff ! they know how to help me with a my little details of shipping . thank you !
my top sushi spot all time . very quality food ( comparable to japango ) but at reasonable prices .
always quick and friendly not to mention great outdoor seating if you have the time !
wow wonderful atmosphere . great food to just sit back and have a glass of wine or three .
i love the vanilla milk cupcakes ! they have me coming back for more ! the staff is wonderful too !
yummy food that's decently priced . i've visited the location near yonge & college .
this guy peter does not return phone calls very unprofessional .. do not deal with this jerk
if you're really craving thai food . don't order from here . it was edible but not thai .
fast service , order nade perfect and hot ! ! good store and nice team members .
i think this was caren's house . and then she turned it into a bar .
it's like disneyland . for scotch . including a scotch ride . did you hear me ? scotch ... ride .
very good customer service , carl the manager was super friendly , was in and out in num min
i dont like spicy food but they can make food non spicy according to your taste . nice atmosphere .
took forever to sing one song . was not a regular , but dang .
einfach nur gut und unbedigt zu empfehlen
i had to update my rating for this fabulous mexican jewel of a restaurant .
fantastic service at a fraction of the price of other " elite " salons .
so nice to finally have an essence nearby ! love their french toast with the banana caramel sauce !
meh . sad but it was just meh . had pie on the visit . it's freaking pie . and it was meh . so sad
get there early on sunday morning to beat the crowd . toast provides coffee while you do wait ! ! !
great burgers and fries ! atmosphere could use an update - rather plain and outdated !
bad cold overpriced food ... good service though . no taste in anything ... only two high chairs .
this shop has closed ! no refunds , no invoices for dresses in process , place is vacant !
drove past there on num / num , this location looks closed down . al pastor ( pork ) tacos were good .
helpful , friendly , attentive staff ! quality bumper repair ! thanks ed ! christina !
great place , get the meatballs for sure . tried the sicilian style pizza and it was awesome !
great service
delivery was speedy . pizza was very soggy . couldn't even get through one slice . disappointing .
excellent bloody mary's ! great service and a wonderful atmosphere . i will be back for dinner soon .
i love spa lamar ! the service is amazng , the packages are incredibly reasonable .
very good baked mac and cheese and friendly staff !
best hummus i have ever had . great family run restaurant . food was like being in greece .
this place was great ! i really enjoyed the burgers . will definitely be coming back real soon .
i really enjoyed this place . good place to go on your lunch break for fast service and great food .
great sushi . our server , however , was clueless about the menu . a bit overpriced also !
i never had chamorro food before . great eats and great service . can't wait to go back . a + + +
some smooth jazz & a functional fireplace turned me into a fan . internet connection is still shaky .
i crave gaucho on the regular . and those sauces , whoa ! anthony and his staff are great .
big improvement from when i came last year ! great stores , big sales . can't wait to go back .
friendly , helpful service . older gentleman took the time to help us find what we needed .
steve definitely is a sparkle pro . high standards , efficient and affordable . we will use him again !
please do not pass on this place . have the smoke n ' bitters cocktail and the grilled calamari .
this place is great ! awesome tex-mex menu options , fun atmosphere .
riley's massages are awesome , highly recommended !
hands down the best tacos ! ! ! the ribeye tacos were great . great staff of people working
always fantastic . this place is a real gem in las vegas .
great place to take the kids for the day . esp . love the zoo lights !
service sub par , bed sheets were not clean , i expected more .
amazing service , amazing brunch . highly recommended and already making plans to come back .
went here for grandsons graduation dinner . amazing food , service and views . would go back again .
fell sick the next day . ruined vegas trip
great pizza and their delivery staff are really nice and very prompt . i'm glad they are here .
awesome food . i love the taste . really taste same like thailand . great food great place
good calming ambience . can chill , great big window to see state street . i like it .
this us a great place to get your nails done with great people and even better prices live it
love trader joes ! great price . staff always helpful !
great food . great service . i love this place ! would super love it if they had bubble tea though :)
not bad , and really good value if you use coupon
great service . friendly , on-time , very honest . i would recommend these guys .
the food was good , the prices fair , the service was great and i enjoyed looking at the planes .
i love the cobb salad . great chicken , avocado , bacon and blue cheese . amazing .
amazing stop after a movie at the capitol theatre . bring your ticket stubs for a dollar in tokens !
definitely my favorite dive bar on the strip . go for 2 $ irish car bombs & beer pong in the back .
excellent sushi and service . shrimp po boy bun and crab rangoon roll were delicious .
the servers are rude especially if you are dining alone . the food was mediocre at best .
the staff is outstanding here . food is always great . you can never go wrong with chickfila ! ! !
way too yummy ! get the red velvet !
not as good for me . 2 and a half stars in my opinion . worth a try but wouldn't come back
small town place that has good food and a quiet , nice atmosphere . i will definitely go back here
great coffee , friendly service , and good food .
the mother f-ing bomb . no weak drinks . always awesome drinks and great service ! highly recommend
will never use this car service again , charged me $ num to go num ... uninstalled this app
simply put this is the best papa johns in charlotte . consistently good pizza and great service !
perfect for a quick nosh or a full meal . top of the line service . put this on your must visit list .
this place is my favorite ! ! i would eat here everyday if i could ! lol love love love it ! ! !
another great breakfast . portions are huge ! order breakfast , it's enough for lunch and dinner
this store deserves more business ! ! ! nice employees , doesn't stink like urine , great environment .
i love this place . always go there and i always feel like family . the girls are all very sweet .
they offer mini matcha and black sesame cones for $ 3 each . win win !
great place to get your vaping needs . awesome accessories great flavors . best customer service .
amazingly friendly service ! delicious food for a good price ! definitely coming again soon !
burgers are stamped out , i was expecting better .
i would eat one of rose's sandwiches every day for the rest of my life if i could .
jay is amazing and really gets the pressure points i will be back tomorrow . thank you !
food was delicious , service was great . nice wine selection .
the food is good and the bar isn't bad at all . th outside seating is nice !
great place .
excellent pedicure . the cleanliness is beyond reproach ! this is the best nail salon in scottsdale
treated like cattle
at least half the workers in this store are rude af . i have a problem everytime i go in there .
there is no vending machine in the waiting room . this is extremely annoying because i'm thirsty .
tinga chicken tacos amazing ! hole in the wall place . everything is authentic and tastes homemade !
worse service ever ! charged my card no flowers ! do not use them they will rip you off !
definatly here for the pizza . provel cheese yummm ! ! !
still great food and atmosphere . must be ; we drive across town for it on special occasions ...
just an update to my review . although i enjoy their sushi , their cooked dishes are terrible .
luna lounge is a chill spot ... who knew ! jaque was awesome and nice ... check it out !
best nail salon in the valley ! i've been going here for num years ... excellent product and service ! !
does it really take num mins for a frappuccino to wait in the drive thru line . bad just bad
bad taste bad service . peking duck is not worthy for the price . i won't go for second time .
tacos is life .
for fast food , quality service , polite staff , clean location - you are at the right place .
great joint . nice , clean and , what else can you say , it is dairy queen !
great service . go see lous ! he was amazing to work with !
my favorite place on the strip ! great beers and food ! perfect atmosphere !
delicious and fresh food . wonderful service . i can't wait to go back and try other combinations .
once they get their sign they may be easier to find . the food was ok .
this dish was extremely prepared .. everything was just fantastic ! i love gogo poke :)
bomb af . try a milkshake with vanilla bean , mocha java , and white chocolate raspberry ice creams ! !
i ordered the grizz breakfast ! ! everything was delicious . best breakfast i've had in a while ! !
great selection . and its fair here . first come first serve . and great service . and hightech
simply awesome . brilliant food , great prices . hospitality is great . servers are very nice too
go for moosetracks and gold medal ribbon .
alwayscome for a late quick lunch alone and then everything is fast . their fries are the best .
it was fun for a short diversion . would i go back ? probably not . i like wax better in candles .
they took care of us compassionately during the worst time in our life . i am eternally grateful .
i come here every sunday on my lunch break and i never get sick of it ! i love it here
awesome , very friendly place . the owner is a very cool dude , a must visit for vapers !
reasonably priced , well made coffee with a great variety of not only coffee , but ways to make it .
would recommend
great food ( wish they had a smaller porterhouse , num only ) food only surpassed by the service .
great pizza place . service is awesome and everyone is friendly . well priced on their lunch special
loved this little place . a true local gem , with great brews and good food !
we drove an hour to get here . the place did not disappoint . the onion rings are delicious !
frozen meat ! ! ! no tea no coffee , no pasta or noodles options naaaaaaa very bad place never again
good good , great service , well priced . excellent place for a date night or family outing .
love this place ! steak was phenomenal ! ! service was just ok but it's worth it for the food ! !
best location in town ! :)
such a sweet , peaceful vegan restaurant with colorful paintings and awesome happy music !
was good num . tamago was old .. disappointing . spice tuna was just weird . otherwise we liked
rude staff , rude bouncers , bad layout , bad sound , over priced drinks
good customer service , comfy beds , decent shower . very comfortable experience for the price paid .
great food ! love the fish fry on friday nights !
great burgers from turkey to beef , great prices and great staff !
great sandwiches wish chips were included . very friendly staff very nice bakery and good pastries
just tried waba grill for the first time and was very impressed ! great healthy fast food option .
bottom line review : good but way over-priced . this is hipster-kitsch sushi dining .
was so surprised to have excellent food in a strip mall ! it was very good and would recommend .
excellent customer service . casandra and nisa were nice and took very good care if me .
love the food here . their patio is beautiful . staff is fast and professional . big 5 stars
this place is a must try ! it has a perfect ambiance and delicious food ! remember to bring cash !
a real flashback . big burgers great onion rings and zesty fries . not fast good but worth the wait .
best num minutes of my lifeeeeeee ! amazingamazingamazing ! ! !
solid spot for drinks and burgers . it's a great atmosphere - warm , bustling . great moscow mules .
smooth and quick flight to phoenix . great experience and employees are very respectful .
really good and much better than chipotle ... it actually has flavor . defiantly coming back .
awesome authentic mexican food . good quality . love this place , wish they had more locations .
the sushi is really fresh n the remember free sake every wed ! ! !
the jasmine green tea with sea salt cream is pretty bad . you cannot taste the tea flavor .
great service . helped a lot with helping me sell my motorcycle .
chicken and waffle was great . also , korean chicken burrito was grear too . i will come back .
always been good ! had a choc ice cream double dipped in cherry !
enjoy ;-)
i got my nails done here gel nails they charged me $ num really nice people recommend it .
best sushi i have had in az ! super fresh and very reasonably-priced ! i go here all the time !
terrible service and food wasn't worth num dollars ! tried twice but won't be back again !
great organic and paleo spot . been here 3 x already - have not been disappointed yet .
casey is the best hairstylist , have been going to him for years and am never disappointed !
not real chinese food . the price is cheap but if you want chinese food . this is not it ...
not enough power outlets . only saw two . can't charge your devices here ! friendly staff though .
the pizza is to die for ! worth the long wait on the weekend .
have ordered from here several times . pizza is above average for delivery .
love it here ! very delicious and great customer service ! love the prime rib and lobster .
decent sushi with a limited list . water does not taste good but overall good food . nice atmosphere .
i love pizza and by far capri pizza is best all around its untouchable great new york style pizza
hott damn - well worth the drive and the wait - best bbq this side of lockhart tx
donna echols was so helpful to both me and my boyfriend and myself . i switched from us.bank
completely amazing customer service , price , and selection . ask for garry
the worst chinese food i've ever had . the server was unavailable . bad spot . keep walking
lame ... over priced and below avg quality . dont waste your time .
i've been to all the barbers in the n.scottsdale area and this one is the best . great service
quaint , comfortable , lots of table space . a great place to read for an hour ( or three ) .
great place to watch the game and eat an amazing burger ! perfect for outing with kids .
had the las vegas and num roll and both were delicious
i ordered bossam and it was crap . some of the food doesn't seem too clean .
some of the best bbq in nv , give it a try you won't regret it and you'll be back for more !
amazing wine in a laid back environment with friendly staff . and how awesome is the hotdog cart ? !
definitely our " go too " restaurant . great food , service , and we love the laid back atmosphere .
best thing i ever did for my arm pits ! natural and effective !
great food and good portions for a light eater . service was great as well .
owner is very nice fish is amazing ! this is my new favorite spot . definitely is a hidden gem !
secret tip : ask for the off menu rolls - chef will accommodate requests if you sit at the bar .
very slow . would not recommend at all . too busy . very slow . need to hire more people in pharmacy
try the montesano's sicilian special pizza , it is one of the best thicks crusts in the valley !
very poor service . long time waiting our order . the environment is like in a fast-food place .
spent time in the paris getting lunch and hanging out ! ! it was nice ! smoky , but nice ! !
great tasting authentic laotian food . ambiance was nice as well . definitely would return again .
this pub has really really really good hot wings , and it's also really really really old .
great food , bacon is awesome . frittatas and kielbasa breakfast sandwich are a nice change of pace .
the girls are amazing , very informative and friendly . thanks for the great service today !
good food and nice buffet on tuesday nights .
great burger ! cool small burger joint with great chili and delicious fries ! definitely coming back .
holy crap ! texaz is the meat-lovers paradise . do it !
food and service was awesome ! best pull pork sandwich and hubby said his steak was delicious !
latin street food in wesley chapel ! nachos are huge ! and the carne asada fries are to die for .
the food wasn't great but ok , as expected from a diner .
awesome burger n fries . the bun is my favorite of any burger place
ultra salty broth . it is like they used salt water as the base .
you gotta try the fish and chips at this place . nice sized portions and great eats
they made separate rounds for the kids together , no adult so it's safe
they are wonderful . i really like their hospitality
5 samosas for a dollar . beat that ! just prepared to wait in line for at least num mins on weekends .
miguel is an upstanding businessman and a pleasure to work with . highly recommended !
love this hospital . really dedicated wonderful nurses .
quck drive through service . polite staff . nice family business with pride .
great place , not gourmet but fun and they have cider . i love it in the summer when it is all open .
great food , great service , great atmosphere & great prices ! yummy margaritas ! good times !
just had the navy bean soup , horrible ! ! ! i've been here before , the food is usually always great .
thank you brakes plus for always taking care of my car . i appreciate all your efforts .
zoes is awesome ! healthy food , great service and great prices . :-)
great food ! we live close by and decided to try it . glad we did . we will be coming back .
simply put - love this store . great selection . friendly staff . food i can't find at just any store .
good laos thai grocery and home cook food . must go ,
excellent service . breakfast was yummy . nice atmosphere .
very good pho ! tasty broth , fresh ingredients . this place is one of 2 i go to in vaughan . yum
dennys had great food and great service , how ever their crane machines are totally rigged
delicious homemade ice cream . owners are super nice . check it out .
i'm addicted to this place ! the papaya salad , beef salad , curry & pad thai are so yummy !
excellent food . good service . the bill was miscalculated but everything else was fine .
great and quick service . much better than panera in terms of prices and food in my opinion .
randomly came in for some breakfast pastrys and was surprised how good everything was .
very good .. a little pricey , not bad if you take a coupon .
best in las vegas . bianca is also hands-down the best massage therapist at massage envy .
it's one of the best causal dinning places in the valley !
always a favorite . good food , good beers , good happy hour pricing . the deviled egg dip is awesome
my boyfriend got food poisoning the very next day smh , their foods don't look too promising
food was ok but got food poisoning and ruined my trip . i would be very weary of the seafood .
amazing pan fried dumplings ! juicy and lots of filling !
cool bar / atmosphere with a great outdoor deck . food is ok , not great .
food is fresh and tasty . it's a small local biz . great for a healthy and filing lunch .
just like the name suggests , it's open all four seasons of the year .
i love this olive garden !
pork bowl was delicious . their ramen is decent . it's worth what i paid for . service is nice .
best sandwiches i have ever tried . also a very hot aussie serving !
bloody mary was amazing ! also had two eggs with chicken sausage delicious ! service was excellent !
good food , reasonable price , friendly staff . good service . rava dosa excellent . good location
thank you for the outstanding customer service with covering the cost of the order !
had a excellent massage from felicia today , have had nothing but good service at this location .
everything was so fast and yummy ! ! jacqueline did a great job with a wonderful warm touch
most incredible avocado tacos and ginger margaritas of all time . service was incredible . a + !
great local brewery . this year's oktoberfest brew is top notch !
do not come here ! it's not worth any amount of free offerings . the club is horrible !
sorry , very poor service . over an hour for nachos . we cancelled and went elsewhere for food .
i love fairview mall . it has a lot of good stores that i personally shop at .
watery bloody and slow service . terrible management .
owner was friendly , the place was cozy and welcoming . lovely place !
did a great job went the extra mile and treated under all the patio furniture !
fresh and tasty ! home grown vegetables and healthy . the chicken curry is amazing !
great coffee and a super cute place to do a little reading or some work .
solid pizza and subs . the wings are awesome . overall good quality but a little expensive .
never enough cashiers work . never looks like they attempt to organize the store .
very little conversation , but a good quick heated manicure for cheap .
just had a bowl of soup , but the omb copper amber ale is delish ! ! quick , friendly service :)
angenehmer flughafen
this place is awesome and the people are great . i love their spicy rice cakes !
came on sunday and replaced two springs for a reasonable price . easy to work with .
good beer poor food not hot service slow
yuri was the best ! ! ! quick and professional cut . i looked dapper after my haircut ... boom ! ! !
i ate at the buffet here . it wasn't very good but the hotel seemed nice and clean .
i love this place , and the sushi i have to say " it's the best ! ! ! midori is really good .
i am here every tuesday for my chicken makhni and masala chai tea.great food ! full of flavor .
the best coconut pie bar none ! ! amazing flakey pastry and the creamiest coconut filling . perfect .
i love places that serve breakfast all day !
love this place , they have the best cheese calzone . it's usually very busy so i preorder takeout .
chase was the best server and he put up with all our bs and david aka muscles was awesome !
i absolutely love this place ! the food is beyond amazing ! i will be back and cannot wait ! a + + +
i really love livingston .
i've been going here for years . they take care of our three dogs . i highly recommend them .
the food wasn't very good . the service was average at best . i would not recommend going here .
great place , nice staff , clean location , and great service . i will be back to this nail bar .
the bone in dry aged rib eye is to die for ... one of my top 3 steak and seafood places in town !
one of my favorite neighborhood spots . great atmosphere , kind staff , and really good food & drink .
i always rent from here . great service . all my vehicle needs are always met at a great price .
salmon with rice and avacado was amazing . healthy & delicious ! . i highly recommend this place .
i had a really bad scallop and got sick . i will never go back here !
some of the best mexican you can get in town for the price . highly recommended .
i received a beautiful , delicious cake despite giving only a few days notice . thank you !
good authentic italian / ny style sandwich . owner and wife are not the friendliest people .
this place smells of broken dreams and bad one liners . seriously , it smells funny inside .
fresh pasta , great prices , and friendly servers . this place is my favorite italian place in town !
good selection they will match any price you can find online . the staff seems very knowledgable .
always delicious food ! my go-to is sweet and sour chicken with fried rice . friendly service too !
yvelisse does an awesome job on my hair every time i come in . all ladies in the shop are so nice .
very nice food . i go every week . very like this restaurant bbq lam ... and very nice boss . ty
apparently it closes at 3 for priority pass members . 1 star for not listing that anywhere .
i did not like the food . i see a lot of oil in curries . i don't recommend this to anyone .
prices are right ! they are friendly and seem to know their stuff ... what more do i need .
exceptional service and assistance . ivan was a great technician !
this place is great ! good diner food . great prices . friendly owners ! and they deliver ! !
i loved this park . great place to catch a game . plenty of vendors and shade when needed .
oh yea food was delivered in a bag lol i can go to mcdonalds for that big disappointment ...
bad service . poor quality food . i ordered the trio sliders which was over cooked and tasteless .
awesome donuts . maple bacon and cinnamon rolls all the way . great staff . always friendly
love this place . i go as often as i can . both the hot dogs and the wafflewich are great
perfect for the morning java ... just wish their pastry selection was more consistent ...
great experience . clean , waitress was amazing and food delicious . look forward to my next visit
hot & toasty , brings back vegas memories ...
little out dated . seems to need a boost . food taste like normal bar food .
ordered a benedict . eggs were hard . asked for new ones . took num minutes . never again .
great tasting steak , but it comes at a price . expect to pay $ num a person here for dinner .
best steak i've ever eaten in my life , gave me a boner . eat here !
excellent service . best chinese / thai restaurant in town . highly recommended .
one of my favorite sushi places . the pepper seared baby tuna is amazing . joon is a great chef !
i can't get enough of their squeelin ' pig amber ale !
good price for gas .
i go to aliska for my manicures and pedicures . she's really great . i am always happy with her work
clarisa did an excellent job for us . she took her time in each area of the house . exceptional work .
old and frumpy . mediocre food . we were very disappointed . good location as it is near the theater .
one thing i miss about henderson , great food , egg flower soup , mongolion beef . nice atmosphere .
nasty fried overpriced bar food in a dirty atmosphere served by rude teenagers . woohoo .
fantastic sandwich fresh and very good . would definately recommend , better than the average place .
amazing ! super deluxe included much , including glass of wine . relaxing and beautiful !
lovely people and a great pedicure for a fantastic price !
reminds me of a rural mexican home , very nice open space . i plan on coming back again someday soon .
pretty unimpressive . for $ num i get a mediocre burger and french fries ? i don't think so .
great cocktails and atmosphere for a night with friends or hear downstairs for the bar atmosphere
went on the big shot and the roller coaster - wow - - a one of a kind experience .
dry flavorless meat . you have to pay extra for bbq sauce since . not smoked .
heaven ! best place for coffee in the qc . caramel latte tdf ! ! ! please open a place in south park .
amazing indian cuisine with exquisite and prompt service . i come often and am never disappointed .
another amazing show ! i enjoyed le reve a little more but this was also a great show .
always so polite and food is always on point ! ! busy at times so plan ahead or order take out
holy cow ! ! ! you need to try this place ! ! ! flavor , yes ! atmosphere , yes ! great service , oh yes !
nice dinner buffet . i loved the dessert . they can really improve on service
i always order the sunrise with a cheddar bagel , egg , bacon and jalapeno cream cheese . so good ! ! !
very good bbq , cute location ... just wish i lived closer !
one of the most beautiful botanical gardens i have visited . what a peaceful morning i had there .
i really enjoyed this show . adult humor , some nudity , standup comedy and variety acts . must go !
one of the best chinese eateries in champaign . the food tastes awesome and the price is reasonable .
i wouldn't think of going anywhere else . dr . chen is absolutely the best !
nice cafe ! great location . lots of space , lovely decor , and good coffee !
just another outdoor shopping center . no big wow . skip it .
wow is all i can say ! staff were dicks but the food was amazing ! great view of the strip too
2 stars is just fair . nothing bad you find there but nothing good either . toronto deserves better .
great veggie dogs . one of the coolest places in cleveland .
margaret does the best waxing in the east valley ! ! !
i moved to austin and one of the things i miss most about phx is yoshi's ! come to austin , yoshi !
thanks guys you have terrible service .
best bang for the buck , lunch dishes are only num . food taste good and they give a good portion
really enjoyed the food here . quality infredients , delicious , cosy casual contemporary ambience ...
great philly style pizza ! watch out for homeless coming in and asking for a piece !
i have had way better but it is ok in a pinch .
best bbq wings ever ! the mac and cheese balls are also real good :) can't wait to go again .
always great service coffee and food from an independent showing the big boys how it should be done
great ufc bar - no cover charge - great drink specials - food's pretty good , too .
good portuguese grill chicken and food .
very less vegetarian options in the buffet . was not a great fan of the place and food .
had the basil signature dish and the drunken noodle , both were just average .
this place was pretty great the pool and jacuzzi were phenomenal . the room was nice and clean .
usually late and the buses come very infrequently . at least the buses are pretty clean , though .
great staff , great food , and great service , everything you can expect from any hooters .
this place has some amazing tea , get the mango slush and it's very light in taste , highly recommend
ice tea tasted like coffee today :( yuck ! asked for extra ice , got nothing ... sad day at dunkin
this place was okay , i really like the creek salad .. it was good and they give you a good amount .
went in for prime rib last night and was not disappointed . food and service were both wonderful .
best sushi and clam chow in da burgh
food taste but , but service sucks , restaurant smells rotten , waiters don't know the menus
i love the lettuce wraps ! i love the lettuce wraps . mmmmmmmmmm . great place for a date .
pure nastyyyyy pizza tasted like a bagel from frys !
truly the best steak house in the country . do not pass on the butter cake it's unreal
best pizza ( bbq chicken ) in town and desert pazooki
yummy menu and lots of gluten free options . the pickle sampler and japanese cobb were amazing .
we had a great waitress , to bad the food just wasn't the best .
best cupcakes in the city ! the rum cake is out of this world and must a have . outstanding service .
i've gone to this dentist literally my whole life . i love this place , i won't go anywhere else ! !
excellent service . prompt and on time picking up at home and ride back home . good people . thanks
great service , food is consistent and really good . it is what i expect paradise bakery to be .
i did " get hooked ! "
nice service though .
chicken was a little burnt for the zinger sandwich and they didn't give me any knapkins
overall pretty comfy . if they have the auto climate control system . then it would be 5 stars !
this was a great experience but be prepared to spend a ton of time waiting in the heat
amazing shrimp taco ! jalepeno poppers amazing ! ! service was fast . monday num $ tacos ! !
been going to this mall since i was a kid . still the best mall around ! trendy , updated , clean .
good people good food ... go for the bacon wrapped hotdog and add to your hearts content .
my favorite pizza in las vegas . also love the calzone and stromboli . i'll be back soon .
we ate the breakfast for couple of days , the food was good and the fruits were super fresh
great food but need to work in the quality of togos
wrapss are yummmmmmmyyyyy . i had the godfather ! the cashier was kinda crazyyy .. music is nice .
decor is a little dated but the chili chicken is one of the best in gta .
cant wait until next time ! ! ! my wife and i loved it ...
chicken and yam w / veg wrap was good . awkward service .
fave asian spot in charlotte . not as big of a sushi assortment as you'd think for a japanese place .
num birthday , num people , excellent service from bridgette , decent price . great overall experience
the most delicious avocado toast for brunch ever ! jackson , in the kitchen , is a master .
this is the cutest ice cream ice cream place i've ever been too . the ice cream selection is amazing
this place used to be great but the new owners are running it into the ground . too bad .
this place is great for watching a variety of sports and food is outstanding
good food .. good atmosphere . drinks were tasty and the service was good . seated quickly too !
love this place just moved to charlotte mi favor place so far and great staff :d ddd
my wife and i love getting " kay's special " whenever we go there . we love this place !
pricey and average . but in today's food service industry , that's not as bad as it sounds .
just another dark , smoky local place . went there for a friend's num birthday .
ordered delivery : yellow curry was very good and rich . i also liked that it had potatoes in it ! !
chicken-fried steak and french toast were great , as was the service !
num off wine nights on wednesdays ! be warned the wine bottles are $ num . amazing fries ! ! !
good stuff , will definitely meet your need for indian craving . .. would come back for sure !
cool jazz music , food is very decent if you like an experimental menu ( i do )
pretty fast service during the hours i'm there . oscar is the best ! ! ! the prices are reasonable too .
thanx for having our car clean and ready ! super quick and easy ... thats what we wanted !
really friendly service , really cheap food and really fast on a lunch break . def recommend num
hostess was rude , overpriced , don't waste your time and money .
i wish i could choose zero star . the worst attitude i've ever seen . won't go there anymore .
best thai food i've had in a long time . get the crispy duck ! ! !
good burger ! ! i like b spot better but my girls like flip side better .
it was good but nothing special .
kyle @ capital mark is the best ! excellent customer service and quality workmanship !
grosses parkplatzproblem
pretty consistent , if you haven't had it before , you've got to be foreign , like outer space ;)
got the large plate . wasnt that tastey . poutine was ok too . not sure why this place is so famous
summer rolls were perfect ! ready in num minutes for pick up . i will be ordering again !
the best ! best coaching , best lessons and best facility . pricing is awesome and we love it .
best breakfast i think i've ever had . unreal food , served piping hot .
going to round this up to 5 stars after several consistent meals here .
love it . the food is good , the service is great . i just love this place ! ! ! sliders all the way ! !
don't let the war torn exterior fool you . this place is legit . go get one ... now .
great food authentic freshly handmade . the owner is super nice and prepares food however you like .
very fast and good serivce . i got chip yesterday and call today morning n fixing now .
waiter extremely helpful with suggestions for new combinations . excellent recommendations
amazing place with the best customer service ! ! ! yumyyyy so yummyy love your cakes very much ! ! !
love the food , love the architecture . great staff , huge portions . very good prices
i love their breakfast , very economy price and food , but avoid their dinner , below average
new place
great staff . excellent club house and course .
great spot for ramen lunch and ice beer . i'd come back for a good bowl of ramen anytime .
cash only ! guess they don't like business folk in there . ffs ! i really wanted wings too ...
first smog check successful ! very fast , friendly and somewhat cheaper than some places i've heard .
very good prices and friendly and helpful staff . a lot of merchandise .
two words : tomato soup . it's the most incredible liquid i have ever tasted in my life .
definitely better than i thought it was going to be . friendly staff . good food . chill location .
love this place ! amazing food - the pizzas out the back door are fantastic !
and tasty food
dr . crowell and her staff are absolutely amazing ! i would recommend them to anyone :)
its a nice buffet looking over the aria pool , but variety was just ok ... meh ..
creative wine and beverage program ! good food good pricing ! great addition to downtown phoenix .
i've ever had to deal with in my life . mediocre quality food at breads not that great either .
love this place . we end up going a few times a month . good food , good and friendly servace
gross . overpriced and overrated . just like it's sister barrio queen . just gross .
i'd go back .
amazing food and service ! make sure to have a bloody mary and hang out with bonnie !
the food was great , husband didn't even know it was a vegetarian restaurant . great flavors .
very good service excellent food and the best gumbo since i moved from louisiana ! ! ! !
i highly recommend going into the tcby in madison . they have good service and a good product .
harassing auto glass sales calls don't give them your number ever
great place . old world feel . loved the meat and cheese selections . fat monk chard hit the spot
love it . get the salmon avocado poke bowl . just do it - you will have no regrets . it's fantastic ! !
worst service ever ! waiter was rude ! staff and management were unorganized . never going back .
cheap ! employees are nice ! great place to go to have a tuna sandwich !
so glad i found rina . honest , dependable and reliable service . you will not be disappointed .
this place is the bomb ! i love their hummus ! it's great that they are still there .
pretty & welcome nail salon ( see pics ) . ask for tina . lovely ! mani :p edi $ num . will be back !
i love this little place ! great small menu . very consistent . best milkshakes in town ! !
great atmosphere . nice stores . great indoor mall . great decor .
last time i went it was bad customer service haven't returned
good , cheap , fast , friendly . best fresh chips and salsa .
extremely friendly staff , and clean atmosphere . was able to enjoy wine with my pedicure .
lots of choice and very friendly staff . would recommend
irene is , quite simply , the world's most talented and responsible alterations seamstress .
always good . fast service . also has drive thru for pick up . best bbq around !
amazing food ! it was crowded but the wait was not bad ! service was great and very family friendly !
great tasty creations ! nothing too over the top and the portions are just right . nice ambiance !
large location , great sauces , and reasonable price . try the clams they are the bomb !
great location , i like what they serve . speedy service .
got the meat hater pizza and loved it ! veggies were extremely fresh ! will be back !
order the sorrel tea . it is really good !
bomb . amazing service and food is great from salad all the way to the dessert .
thank you for the great late night treat , it was awesome ! we had a " flight " and it was perfect !
very clean and the only thing we need to watch that movie was just going around for the delay
very tasty great experience nice atmosphere in enjoyed the staff happy to have found
the staff is always professional yet down to earth ... and provide excellent quality service ! ! !
restaurant is clean , service is quite accommodating , but the food is par . nothing special .
helpful and efficient staff . prices similar to others
great therapist . friendly front desk staff . warm , inviting atmosphere and super clean !
our new favourite restaurant in toronto .
this place is amazing . the portions are big , the food is delicious and the service was excellent .
my favorite neighborhood spot when i'm in the mood for some good chinese beef and broccoli !
arizona has many good mexican food restaurants , but valle luna is one of the best
awesome experience at a great price ! ! ! i wish they would open one in honolulu where i live ! ! ! =-)
great service . great atmosphere . good food . very expensive ( like everything in vegas ) .
great food , good portion sizes and decently priced ! cute little place would definitely go back .
the prices aren't matching the quality of the food . make the drive to pacific east , trust me .
overpriced . got a filet cooked medium . it was over cooked and dry . green beans had no flavor .
very nice establishment ! spacious and no waiting ... will be returning ! all the ladies are lovely !
we had the chef's wine pairing dinner and it was incredible . service was remarkable .
good food ! the bbq turkey was great . i haven't found anything on the menu that i don't like .
this place is fresh , healthy , and so delicious . this is how we should eat all day , everyday .
smells like someone pumps in cigarette smoke through vents .. gross
he was a referral and proved to be a great attorney , would use him again .
really nice breakfast in a quiet street . we enjoyed a good omelet and some excellent coffee .
the best white chocolate bread pudding i've ever had ! ! !
best place for vegas east side locals ! seriously .. bartenders are top notch . never disappoint !
kick ass food great service ! ! ! i will be going back a lot
great concept and good vegan food . : c )
guter grieche im umkreis . immer eine menge los - und das eigentlich berechtigt .
loving ulta ! i wish they offered more loyalty rewards .
fun place for families , my salami was tough , the bread was a bit stale . slow service too
quick and friendly service . received my order in a timely fashion .
hot wings served cold . food sent back . food returned hot w / my one eaten wing on the plate .
love it here . great cheap veggie options with lots of flavour . love the tofu tacos / banh mi .
soooooo good ! ! ! biscuits are like seriously my weakness ! i wish this place was in la right now !
dr sosinsky the best ! has helped me soooo much with my ms . thank you !
best japanese food in las vegas ! the spicy salmon roll was excellent and the service was great .
solid lunch spot . always enjoy my sandwich . friendly people . they keep it too cold inside though .
bad service . num to get a table at num . my order didn't arrive till i call the waitress twice .
it was fine and very convenient . i should have booked online and could have gotten a better rate .
very clean place excellent service good food well come back again and bring all friend
they have balut . the other food we had was pretty good too .
very friendly staff and unbelievably good food ! highly recommend for walk in or catering needs .
consistently delicious food . generous servings . great customer service . will continue to visit .
tasty sandwiches , nice selection , good value , good service , liked the elvis and the red raz roll .
always consistently a great manicure . anyone i have ever recommended this place to agrees .
too inconsistant . it is either really good or just blah
why not all taco bell locations are like this ! ? this is amazing ! great vibes and baja blasts !
meat market . good place to shop for sausage , wizard sleeves and stds . that's about it .
these donuts were delicious , courtney was a sweetheart and we'll definitely be going back !
great coffee and concept . service was friendly and coffee was great ! busy and cozy place .
best dish on the menu has gotta be lamb biryani . authentic hyderabadi preparation .
what an awesome locally owned restaurant .. love it !
2 ) bug in sweet and sour sauce
these guys are a bunch of rude mf'rs . save yourself and go to alamo for better car wash !
good tasting . we got chicken wings , pork chop rice , chicken noodles . milk tea is not good though
good coffee , good people , good atmosphere . would recommend to any coffee lovers out there .
chili chicken is delicious . fast service , fairly priced , very friendly owners , i will be returning
fantastic service and an excellent deal on men's suits . i will definitely recommend them !
it's definitely a unique experience , but way too cold to truly enjoy yourself in my opinion .
tasty foods , nice service ! the reason that i didn't rate 5 stars is that it was too noisy .
num dollars for a really bland salad . overpriced and nothing speical .
hands down .. best west of the mississippi . cannot wait to go back . you won't be disappointed .
the food was very tasty , and the blue tones in the restaurant were very soothing .
excellent service , excellent food . amazing and innovative . how has food network missed these guys ?
i love everything here ! ! ! it's good , peaceful , and customer service is really great too .
best fish & chips in whitby and oshawa ! simple place , great food , big portions !
descent grub a little pricey , and expensive pbrs what ! ! !
great spot for breakfast or lunch ... nice staff ... bacon lovers paradise ! ! mike
dr . ron crouse is now at this office . he is fantastic .
great pizza . all organic . tastes great and even offers.wheat . dough . very reasonable prices too .
we went to this place for the first time tonight . it was very good food . we will be back for sure .
awesome food . best mac and cheese and black bean burger ive had ! great prices and great service .
reliably fresh , reliably friendly , reliably not boring food . thank you !
best burger place in toronto . soooo juicy !
great place ! a must try in madison . as everyone says , the scones are awesome !
loved food , refreshing cocktails , relaxed setting , will return !
such a cute little joint ... the staff was fast & friendly . the food was delish ! !
blech ... burned pizza , greasy , and so doughy . not sure how this place gets all those good reviews .
i even met the owner . delicious cakes . i love it there . the line is worth it ! !
worst machines at any gas station . save yourself the frustration and go across the street .
great ice cream . great staff . there was a young boy training and he did a great job . kudos ! !
love doing shoots at city ! the best gym in town .
good location in the airport but the food was sub par ... not houstons like the hillstone chain ...
delicious . gotta get some more here soon . i feel empty without em . the wasabi ones are killer .
fabulous ! very friendly . extremely relaxing . a little hard to find but so worth it !
red curry duck is awesome . coconut soup also great . best thai food .
papaya salad is bad . everything else is good . don't give them a fake name , they will not be amused .
this place rocks ! great food , pools . concert venue was perfect . good value for what you get
i was looking for an extended battery for my galaxy nexus , found it here with a special discount .
large and varied menu , with plenty of beers and tvs for sports ; outdoor seating , too .
we ordered through yelp and had delivery . pizza came sooner than we expected and tasted great !
good place for quick meal , small and service was average . will go for take out not to dine in
was fantastic ! huge selection ! ! worth a visit .
they are honest , careful and do a grat job . they are the only company i use .
great coffee and great smoothies ! they give our puppy doggie treats in the drive through .
just magical . unbelievable . and really pretty .
had complete back done
great food great service , love this place ! ! ! try the buffet where you get a good variety .
has the best nigiri that i've tasted . get the salmon nigiri . enjoy .
keep walking . quality is horrible , looks and tastes like it was pre-cooked and microwaved .
great place where the whole brood can have a nice haircut ! they know what to do with asian hair .
love the staff here ! always make you feel so welcome and help with all my plus size needs !
ordered the immunity booster drink and the asian chicken salad , both were amazing .
not a fan . go to total wine instead - much cheaper & great options .
best hot chocolate and breakfast quiche ! love the patio area . i would definitely come back !
the best cirque show i have seen so far . the actors are amazing !
great for a midnight poutine if you are in the area . otherwise , i don't think it really stands out .
i go to lotus foods for the fresh chow mein noodles and the selection of japanese pop .
war das wochenende hier feiern und es ist echt ein cooler laden
here for the grand opening ! everyone is so friendly and welcoming . the donuts are fresh .
scott did a fantastic job . fast , efficient and friendly . true professional .
do not use marin door to door if you want to 1 ) stay safe , 2 ) make your flight , 3 ) have a good day .
if your hungry don't come here . waited over num mins for my food and the food was mediocre .
decent japanese restaurant , but pricey . sushi selection is very limited also .
not very smart people are working there . i recommend the uptown one . much better choices there .
highly reccommend .
great happy hour selections included were some beer selections and food apps . fun atmosphere .
i love the food here : big portions and great taste . not complicated italian !
these guys got it , friendly helpful and informative advice ! my main go to for all my vape needs .
i have used them twice to repair epson printers and have been satisfied both times .
very relaxing environment , good prices and you will walk out feeling refreshed and renewed .
great restaurant , great food . great for groups - upbeat environment . a bit on the pricey side .
great vegan food . very excellent customer service . yummy desserts .
very clean shop . everything seemed to be hand selected , and was nicely organized .
everything was wonderful ! servers were great , drinks were yummy , and the food was amazing .
yum , i heart this place ... the old brodino , and in my new hood !
excellent food and great service by sarah . she bartends on the weekends and tuesday . come see her .
yummy . cheese sample . mac and cheese indian smoked bbq jerk ... funnel cakes live music .
took my girlfriend numerous times . i really enjoy the place . i highly recommend it . great pizza .
great interactive museum for kids . tons to do . a little expensive though , but worth it .
best downtown hotel ! ... great hosts .. host jason very helpful !
good pizza , good cookie dough , good coupons ! staff was very helpful and friendly .
for men : most expensive , slowest , most botched haircut i've had in about num years ...
one of the bars that has ufc ! good drinks but chicken wings could be more spicy than sweet
great place to run , walk , job ! sometimes it smells bad though !
good asian food , fast service . best beef terriyaki on a stick . pork egg roll really good also .
great spot , cool bartender . drinks and food were delicious . loved their oysters and tuna tartare !
enjoyed the experience . knowledgeable staff . greta vibe and atmosphere . live music was a plus .
terrible place they keep messing my num yr old grandmother . need to boycott this company
this is by far my favorite sushi place . i prefer sashimi but the rolls are really good as well .
comfy neighborhood bar . friendly bartenders , stephanie is our favorite ! bar food is average .
don't drink the water order the white mocha instead .
legendary venue . great comedians and location . wished drinks were served at a quicker pace .
they need better drink specials on sunday for football season
not a clue . busy saturday and had 1 guy on grill . watched them screw up 5 orders in a row .
very cosy cafe with delicious goodies and very good italian coffees . would recommend !
hotel staff very friendly . room was clean . non smoking which was a big plus ! ! ! free breakfast .
poolside bar . awesome view of the mountains and the phoenix skyline . moscow mules . need i say more .
great for a few drinks before dinner . really noisy though but good fun .
had lunch on saturday then jazz brunch sunday . extraordinary service and food .
had the " real deal " it's better then the " supreme " from pizza hut . keep up the good work guys .
food and service were great ! ! ! our waitress joanna was the best ! ! ! we will definitely be back .
all i can say is phenomenal . very well presented and taste was even better . i'll be back again .
great selection and availability . clark is so knowledgeable and helpful . highly recommend !
small dining area but they move folks in and out quickly . food is super yummy and it's clean .
we enjoyed their happy hour specials so much , we went back three times while on our vacation !
i love my nails ! dani did an awesome job ! ! i will definitely be coming to the place for now on
great food and even better service everytime . they serve the best breakfast in town .
hot yummy pho , always good . comes out fast . egg rolls are always delicious too . cute waiters .. lol
good crab legs and fried shrimp ! didn't like the cole slaw , but over all i will be returning l !
i only needed the wifi , but if i were into books , dvds , cds , records etc . this is the place .
amazing hair stylist & knows her stuff . will be my only hair stylist as long as she's doing it .
great place for quick inexpensive chinese food
food average ... bad shrimp and service ... yikes ! run
not bad for ayce sushi . biggest complaint is a limited menu . great service , though .
delicious dessert and cold brew ! great service , with a knowledgeable person behind the counter .
not the best service but a wide variety of yummy mexican food .
its really good . bread is soft . chipotle chicken avocado is bomb . salad fresh . great value in vegas
great place ! nice and clean . i had the " kiss of fire " and it was amazing ! ! i'll be back soon
high price , low quality and bad taste . it's not chinese food nor american food . don't recommend it .
this store went out of business and no longer exists
the roti is pretty amazing . no wonder why people are willing to wait num minutes for their order .
hot hooters ! need i say more ? i'd come here any day over the ones in nyc .
very very good . the taste is very light and the soup has it own flavor and i really like it .
love the pitas . especially the chicken ceaser . ordering online is convenient and they deliver fast .
very knowledgeable , super friendly , and he keeps the bugs and scorpions away ! love this company !
great place for nice relaxing mani and / or pedi ! ! ask for summer , she's great !
loved it , it was packed and jumping if u get on the guest list u get in free i would go back
not too bad ... good subs , kinda small though . 5 inches ? a + meatball sub tho , well done !
this place is so good . the owners are so warm and welcoming . the cannoli cake rocks . great pizza .
fast and efficient . picked up in num minutes after order . pickup took num seconds . great service .
great food ! ! ! expext to pay a little higher ! ! !
adorable little custard shop ! loved the misto ( slush and custard mix ) great location ! !
loved it ! great tasting dog
great local italian restaurant . staff is always very friendly and accommodating . food is great !
honesty , the pizza was lacking flavor . would have rather eaten a pizza from peter piper pizza .
best duck pancakes for brunch and i can't get enough of those spanish fries .
a - 1 service ! quite pricey , but it was worth a visit . our server was so sweet and nice :)
these guys are friendly as hell - souvs are cheap ( num ) place is clean and bright can't and for more .
horrible experience ! raw meat ! manager was very unkind and not helpful to the situation .
excellent center , great teachers
cute interior , fast service , delicious food ... and tons of it ! will definitely be coming back !
great service from employees , reasonable pricing and quick installation
not the cleanest looking place but they have great prices and a great selection of spices
gramma would come back to life if she knew of this place !
they need a new person taking the orders over the phone . so rude i cancelled our order .
i'll definitely recommend sand dollar mobile review to anyone who needs notary services .
got my locks changed out , technician was professional and quick . would certainly use them again .
try there nachos and tacos ! ! !
serious sound for the imax experience . if only the place was kept clean .
their burritos are bomb ! been there twice and plan to re-visit ! recommended . great service .
great customer service . i got the baked potatoes soup and a chicken toscana , delicious .
horrible experience there .. be careful they will literally chase you out the door if you are late
this restaurant is the bee's knees ... and by that i mean they are ok .
the burgers are absolutely delicious . only downfall is the burgers do not include a side of fries .
i had the spicy southwest burger . it was delicious ! i wish you had a location in matthews , nc !
the pho was okay not bad a little oil but not bad . nice that they were open for new years eve .
super zentral gelegen , nettes personal , immer die besten filme ... immer sehr gerne !
i love the store .. some prices is fair and some is good .
lovely staff and service and decent beer selection , but they manage to book the worst dj's in town .
the crawfish boil was amazing ! ! ! the only bad part was the wait . but definitely delicious :)
i absolutely love the coffee drinks here ! they even import ingredients from italy .
the best mexican food in phoenix . the best green chile burros and the best guacamole tacos ever !
awesome ! ! ! he always takes great care of my grandmother ! ! ! i wish he could be her pcp .
good bbq in dusty , dry , hot arizona ...
was amazing food and great atmosphere ! the del mar salad and chicken mole are soo tasty !
i luv the mac n cheese here ! always get really good service here . happy hour is awesome .
great place ! love thier happy hour . i have been here many time sit has never disappoints .
great relaxed upscale atmosphere , excellent service , and good food .
you can't have it all .. service is a slightly lax but i love the food and vibes on a busy night .
fantastic meal and service . exactly what you would you expect from a gordon ramsey restaurant .
best breakfast ever ! coffee was amazing , and so was the service . we would definitely go back again
great training . i love that there was no wasted time . kristen is an excellent instructor .
best patio ! great food ! cold beer . all the best sports .
i was unsure of going but so glad i did . i really enjoyed the show he is very funny and humble .
best wedding venue i've ever been too ! ! these folks are organized and so courteous ! ! !
beautiful venue to get married . very affordable and great customer service ask for divina .
can't go wrong with any of the donuts . i loved the glazed twists ! ! !
u know what i mean ! !
nice employees , quick service !
friendly staff , relaxed place , indoor and outdoor seating . loved the crepes and italian sodas .
so pretty and such a great staff . the maintenance is awesome and large laundry facility . very clean
good specials and it does a nice job .
tifany has great skills and very nice . i i'll definitely coming back . everything was very good !
food is still excellent ! service is still meh ! prices and portions are still a disappointment !
delicious bbq and bibimbap . greta soups . num . very dear to my heart .
not bad , i tried the mead num % ) . served in a little wine glass . cool place !
this place have great service and i would recommend this place to any body who likes blue crab .
don't schedule online , call them because their website reliability is garbage .
great owner . good selection , including veggie smoothies . will make customizations for you .
the best sushi in the state . try the lobster roll .
they redid the washrooms - they are great now . love this place .
love their dal and other traditional dishes . regularly stop by for a meal . very helpful staff .
service is fantastic , amazing experience , great food .
nls always takes care of me and justin is a fantastic promoter . definitely the guy to go to !
terrible - late and cold . driver said she didn't know how to find me . who's fault is that ? ? ?
fantastic . get a corned beef on rye , and you'll be happy .
nothing fancy or memorable about flying with them , but they do get me to where i need to go .
best fried mozzarella ever . the staff is very friendly and fast . a little pricey , but worth it .
food was tasty and the service was good . portions were a good size . would recommend and revisit !
best lunch ever ! ensalada de palmitos , ceviche , arepas , tostones , jugos de guanabana y fresa ! yum !
delicious pho chicken soup with all the goodies , fresh bean sprouts , basil & cilantro ! yum !
fantastic meal . perfectly cooked duck . and the ambiance is great .
ommmmmmmmmm
they do a great job ! ! friendly and got all my pet stains out ! ! highly recommend them ! !
the car was nice , the service was terrible . can i give zero stars ?
so yummy , lots of flavors , family run buisness
3 rolled taco with cheese ... fast friendly service great tasting food .
nice variety of shops , what's not to like ?
the wait time is a bit ... but i now know to call and order ahead ... but the food is deelish !
maria , you rock ! great service ! thanks for making my sister look like a million bucks !
absolutely fantastic service from lucky and kimberly ! bachelorette party ... perfect fun
love this place ! ! ! food is so delicious ! ! love my seafood pan roast !
the space is tiny . like the variety of salsas . bomb horchata . food was good . would try it again .
not bad but not great , quite a calming chilled place not too hectic and good to hang out at .
still serving cold burgers . the chili is good though . the cherry dr pepper hits the spot too .
not the typical mexican restaurant / food . fresh ingredient for the more healthier minded person .
nice we could look around with no pressure . would love some more normal bike rider kinds of bikes .
really great steaks , burgers , great ambience
great service , did amazing job with huawei honor num ! straight forward no bs ... thank you very much
bbq and beer after landing at the airport . kept me filled all the way to my work trip destination .
place has promise - location , ambiance . food and service - needs work .
food awful , mango lassi was so bad and felt like puking , service too bad . try at your own risk
pretty nice for an airport bar . just had a bloody mary , but the food looked good .
fixed my teeth for a fair price .
totally awsome place . well worth a visit !
great service with excellent ny style pizza ! makes me miss home ... vinny is great ! ! !
really like this place . abby did my brows and did a great job . really nice , professional staff .
litters on people's lawns to try and advertise their business .
stopped by at num and was closed . hours posted is open til num pm . i guess it's num somewhere
been here a bunch of times at this point . food is fantastic . only bummer is dessert menu stinks .
new owners but same great place for fast food . im a frequent customer here .
nothing new .. slow and rude staff as usual , make you wait for a simple drug test for hours ..
was really good , fast delivery , ordered num pineapple fried rice with yellow curry was delicious ! ! !
got the cowboy breakfast . really good , tasty and worth it . service was really good as well .
great place for pedicure and waxing . trina does an awesome job and they have coffee and wine !
the staff at this store are very helpful and the store always carries what i'm looking for .
great service and friendly staff . my grandma is still smiling after her perfect perm !
solid , affordable indian food . enjoyed the butter chicken and chili chicken .
awesome place to go . i went there for my emt uniform and everyone was so helpful and super fast .
great value , good food with a divey feel . great potato pancakes and gyro .
the rolled chicken quesidlia is epic good , almost too much to eat in one setting .
easier to travel through here than in chicago . tsa is quick . good places to eat
great staff , great owner , family-orientated , delicious yogurt !
try it to see if i'm right
good food . fresh bread . great atmosphere . huge restaurant with plenty of seating . always open .
probably the best korean food in champaign . source : i'm korean , listen to me you ignants
this is our " no kids , splurge " spot . phenomenal food and a nice , grown-up atmosphere .
i stopped since it was close to home . food and service are good but i have my preferred spots .
great five-guys hamburger day ! ! ! great food and great service at the flamingo location !
went once . margarita was terrible . green chile pork was better than i thought it would be .
total chill place .
not bad bar , food is prepacked , good for the football
desserts are excellent . savory foods are underwhelming . service is slow / bad .
awesome homemade mexican this place is a must would i highly recommend the fajitas ! ! !
ballsmazing ! our server , adam s . , was one of the best i have had at any establishment , ever !
best puerto rican food in az . place is literally a hidden gem . can't wait to go back and eat again .
meh ... below average food , slow service , there are so many better options around ...
yum ! loved the hot and sour soup and topped off with general tso chicken . very friendly service .
great beer , great wait staff and excellent chicken wings and pizza .
fries on a sandwich . pittsburgh classic that anyone needs to try .
linda and her team put me back on my surf board ! they are professional and knowledgeable .
nom nom nom . great lattes . i like the vibe of the phx location--very chill .
it's almost as good as in and out only you pay more ... oh , and the fries aren't as good .
2 emails sent as directed regarding a refund . zero response ! do not use this company ! ! !
chinese chx salad was really bad , burger boring and gazpacho a joke . mr . wynn should do better
highly recommend this place great customer service ! ! the manager george and angie were top notch
the absolute best burros and street tacos for a great reasonable price !
the absolute best home cooked food in a sea of chain food ! the nicest staff and owner !
this place is great ! service is amazing and they have gluten free cupcakes that are incredible .
$ num burrito with south of france ingredients . uh , hello , were in a recession !
time for a menu change . food is good , service great . at some point new items would be positive
always a good time at the dark horse . great jukebox , good food and drinks . amber is the bomb .
the food is great , the service could use a little adjustment on timing but still worth the wait !
simply outstanding ! be sure to ask for rachel - she's the best !
super fast repair and awesome customer service . their prices are completely affordable too .
home baking and fab coffee with the most wonderful views on a sunny morning . what is not to love ?
solid and interesting shopping experience . good value . things speak to you there , it's true .
great crew , great instruction and great workout . i'll be back here whenever i'm in vegas . thanks
fox and hound is a great place to grab some lunch or get some drinks and hang with friends .
tasty cocktails , and local dj's playing great tunes on saturday night . loved it
excellent excellent tasty food fast service love it reminds me of a ny soul food place amy ruth's
haircut ended up growing in funny and i don't think i'll be going back
the carne asada was delicious . believe all of the great reviews . the owner is super nice , too .
great food , never have been disappointed , but not quite my favorite sonoran .
we use this place quite often , the attraction is in the beer and not the landlady's charm ! !
amazing nail salon ! tammy gave me a beautiful full set . definitely will be going back .
such a hiden gem . a must ! if you live close by want a casual cool bar .
seriously if you like sushi and hibachi this place is off the charts with fresh creative food !
good food , good service and a lot of fun . you pay for it but , hey , it's vegas !
had the fish tacos ! best ever ! ! yummy ! yummy ! ! great food , great price , great service ! !
great doctor , hernia surgery was done accurately and now in no pain . highly recommended .
just moved out , and they're still the best storage unit i've ever used . highly recommend .
great place to watch the game and have a beer .
oysters were to die for again . only place you can eat ayce sashimi . highly recommended
food is always amazing here . plus i love the decor and atmosphere . reminds me of home .
dann denkt euch euer kommentar .
awesome place to tan ! clean beds , awesome staff , reasonable prices ! highly recommend ! !
i am extremely sad dr . barnes is no longer there . the place just isn't the same without her .
purely amazing dipped soft serve at great prices and portions ! i would definitely return .
place is delicious . paco is a wonderful chef who takes pride in his work . great food ! !
the best customer service around . love to spend my sundays with my wife there always a great time
repeat : no .
okay place , prices are good but they need to coordinate their time more .
you cannot beat floridino's for value for the dollar . awesome food and great service .
best pho i've ever had ! ! ! especially vegan pho ! and great prices as well ! just bring cash .
it was the first time i went there and i'll never forget . impossible to get near the glass flor .
raiders bar ! ! always a good time . good wings and poppers , and very crowded on game days .
i think the hunt for this place was better than the pizza . i'd defintely go back though .
this is a wonderful find . the oil is outstanding and they make beautiful gift baskets .
great gym w / friendly staff . can't get any better than three locations for the price of one .
mahalo's i love your locomoco and macaroni salad
great stuff ! will definitely come back again ! staff is aso friendly .. baby friendly restaurant ..
very clean . friendly staff . good yogurt and toppings
convenient location . nice supply of greeting cards
great food with a cozy ambiance . prices were very reasonable and the wine selection was great .
poor value for money proposition .
food & service was great . wanted photo thing was a big hit with the family .
great customer service and free wifi ! ! ! my salad was very fresh !
diner cuisine , not exactly chef inspired , was pretty tasty . outdoor seating in season , full bar .
love this target ! very clean and the layout is great . easy to find things .
quick and great service ! went in for tire service . quick and personable . reasonably priced .
the beer is always great ! the double pumpkin porter is wonderful , as is the regular pumpkin porter .
good menu , good food , good service . was pleased with the vermicelli dish i had . will be back .
best restaurant in downtown chandler , hands down ! awesome staff and great setting .
ok show i wouldn't recommend seeing it unless your a huge fan . she lip sings most of the songs
very clean and welcoming , good variety of flavors for snow cones and thrifty ice cream .
very good food , excellent staff . will go back for sure.great price for what you get ..
omg this place is the best imma come here every time im in vegas . .. paula was amazing
horrible atmosphere , food marginal at best , bad cocktails
amazing breakfast and coffee . hidden gem .
awesome sandwiches , would be better if it wasn't iceberg lettuce but everything else is amazing
just really uninteresting and bland . yes , very very boring . wish we gone elsewhere .
carne asad is decent . i enjoy the atmosphere the most . if im near by , i will stop by again .
one of the best stores in town last i visited . .. let's see how they compare this time around . ..
delicious food - enjoyed the pita sharwarma !
pho is pho ... decent for arizonan pho ! can't compare to california's pho places though :(
ok , so sunflower is now some other store and really sucks now .
overpriced for a burger especially one that didn't come out correct . server was slow , poor service .
ive been coming here since i was in high school ! still the best place for froyo !
nice clean airport with lots of healthily food options
one of my favorite boba place . highly recoomended
i will keep it simple ... fantastic place to eat ! great atmosphere and the bolognese was amazing .
excellent and very clean food . definitely the best indian food in town . highly recommended ! !
great pizza . a little slow but a huge lunch special for num . we really enjoyed the crispy crust .
really friendly guy named jimmy helped me . i got 2 new tires & was in & out in num minutes .
best ! ! ! consistently fantastic . never feel like i wasted my money .
top quality japanese . try bento box . excellent and tuna belly .
the vegetarian pizza was amazing . we had a num " pizza with a beautifully small price tag . yum !
expensive . 1 star for the experience .
worst customer service , lazy waitress . i guess you lost a good costumer in the neighborhood .
not the cleanest but it plays all the new movies . nice to have a yogurtland just a few feet away .
from california and visiting family in the area . had a great dinner with a great chef--chef sumo .
great place for lunch or dinner ! pannini's are so good and is the brushetta .
a good restaurant . deliver fast and food is really fresh and delicious . recommend it
love this place ! it never disappoints . the chicken shawarma and the falafel pita are my favorites .
great food , wonderful server and atmosphere . will be back when i'm here again from st louis .
i love this place . the food hit the spot . i will coming back
good food . the wait time was too long for a pick up . their dal makhani was good , seriously !
einfach top , schade dass es nicht zentral ist.sonst beser gehts nicht und kann nicht sein
great friendly and helpful customer service at the deli . :)
just had the best appetizer i have ever had . it was brusselsprout and beef skewers . amazing !
good " real " german food . not american-german food ! i like the rouladen .
kinda spendy , but a very nice way to kill an afternoon .
wait was num mins , its understaffed , the food is not that great ! stick to roscoe's people !
love this hotel . it's very clean and the room is spacious .
everything was phenomenal . service , staff , food , drinks and atmosphere ! chef tom was the greatest ! !
just had cocktails here . great for people watching . good stuff !
good deals , but ridiculous delivery times . waiting an hour every time i order isn't worth it .
great hotel . super helpful and nice staff . beds nice . rooms large . breakfast was awesome ! !
best sushi i have ever had service is fast and friendly . this will be , my new go to place .
d did a great job detailing my car ! everything is spotless , i will come back for sure .
i really like this place , great pizza , nice friendly staff , the happy hour it's awesome ..
spontaneous dinner idea with my mom . be sure to check in for those free chips and salsaaaa
disappointed i thought it would be way better then the microwavable frozen ones ... taste the same
typical of many brewers fayres , but the staff are lovely !
excellent vibe , great atmosphere and eclectic food fare !
pretty good breakfast burritos , love the salsa packets !
best savory flavor and they actually have kai kooah
this place is bad ass , so many different burgers its radonk ! i highly recommend this place
probably the worst lobster roll i've had in my life . and they gave me a total of 4 waffle fries .
gnawed down a hot italian sub . really good with their fresh veggies and good pickles .
so glad i found this place . yammy pizza and kabobs ! highly recommended !
and frames
awesome cappuccino . love this place . they also have a really delicious yogurt which is a bonus .
breann has now moved on to a btr place . we wish her well on her journey .
seniors remember to ask for your discount ! you are supposed to ask ! the staff was quieter today .
slow and overpriced for what they offer . like really bad . i don't understand the hype .
i enjoyed my meal here and was tempted to have the veg tasting menu but it pretty overpriced .
this place has never failed me ! quick fast reliable service that beats competitors pricing
nice place , but good for pople after num yers old , not for young people ! ! !
always fresh food , easy to find items , helpfull staff and fast checkout . love me some publix ...
probably the best inexpensive chinese restaurant . their egg rolls are the best i've ever had !
excellent . fresh and light fare . i am a return customer when in town .
this is the legitest bagel joint in tempe ... lox and bagel all the way baby .
seem to have gone out of business . nobody answers the phone , mailbox is full . oh well .
great place .. great environment .. went with my cousins and had great fun .. will be back ..
great food . however , 5 usd for one meatball is a little bold !
sandy did a great job . even the owner jenny was very nice . will definitely come again .
intimate dinning environment with care put into every dish .
i love pita jungle ! the hummus is so good , and their chicken pasta salad is the absolute best !
awesome food ! ! ! everything were ordered from the apps to meals were delicious .
crap over priced education . worst mistake ive ever made was getting into debt to go here .
cool place to kill time before the movies . robert pfeifer
love this place . great service , fun ambiance and there's something on the meanie for everyone
portion sizes are so small that $ num didnt buy enough food to feed num people . go elsewhere
my favorite indian restaurant in montreal . i come here every time i'm in town . always delicious .
came by was nice and honest enough to admit that my application was too complex for an awning .
good selection , nice atmosphere . had to wait num on a tuesday , totally worth it though
enjoy the food and a great location .
visited for breakfast . food and service were both very good . their specialty plates are great !
deep dish is soooo good . i was stuffed on one slice .
finally ! ! took out that noisy refrigerated case , now it's actually pleasant for quiet visit .
loved it . a bit high brow for my normal taste but the food and service was great .
absolutely perfect . great food , great service , great atmosphere . love everything about yolis !
i dream of the pan roast ! the only reason for 4 stars is because of the wait .
the show place of kannapolis ... great prices .
incredible inventory , if you are looking for a certain brand , call them , bet they have it ..
always good . great lunch spot , great food , great service .
went here for a routine check up and wasn't impressed with the service , facility or prices .
i play num little less than num minutes input num , this real casino can't come , over too far
great fun ! we did the cabin in the woods yesterday & was not successful . we will go back again .
excellent food and service . very cute little spot right off the turnpike . highly recommend !
love love love their gluten free vegan bakery items ! love eating food from local sources too !
dirty , slow , and disrespectful workers . i suggest avoiding this bojangles and go elsewhere .
i love the spanish quesadilla and the steaks are amazing . make sure you order a steak here !
this place is great going here for years very good very nice fast service always consistent !
great good . great service . only negative feedback is that they do no accept credit cards .
they blended drinks are great buy one get one free ... and they were yummy ! a must try when in vegas
great atmosphere , great food , great service ! ! our server ozzy was amazing , all smiles !
cant wait to return .
best sub place in town . nothing else to be said besides that bold statement .
pretty tasty . excellent fresh oj you'll want to check out !
went here for breakfast with the wife and everything was great . supper cheap and cheerful .
love this place , you cannot find a better burger . wish they had an east valley location !
its so sexual w / a lot of adult humor , what more can you ask for .
great place for all your emboidery / promotional needs ! ! these guys are the best in town ! ! !
food was awesome ! . live music tasteful . crab cakes phenomenal ! service exceptional . go !
best place ever . get the mini duck tacos ... damn those are so good ... sooooo good :p
chipotle is the best healthy fast food ! this location is nice with a large patio with easy parking .
this place is amazing for breakfast / brunch line out the door , but definitely worth the wait !
we closed this place down while in scotland .
i called them twice in an emergency , and they never responded !
we were just hopping casinos , this one seemed pretty busy , but we were just walking around .
great ambience and service . good scottish breakfast-used groupon . i'd eat here again !
whaaat ? it closed ? damn it , this had the best laffa falafel and it was huge ! i'm so sad boo hoooo
the food is really tasty specially people have to try ulavacharu biryani both veg and non veg .
lunch with family . coconut rice and pasole fabulous . service was great . will definitely be back .
the best bar in the junction for craft beer , small plates , service and entertainment .
cool interior and friendly stuff . me and my friend had a good time there . margarita was ok .
love this family owned business with homemade ice cream . so many flavors to choose from ! !
best thai food in the east valley . we love thai food & have tried a lot of different places .
dr . trish is fantastic
patisseries ... yam
had some halo halo and it was good . hard to find but worth it for filpino fast food .
daisho is a great place . very good sushi , i always get the all you can eat deal .
fresh . flavorful . don't miss the sea bass ! so good .
amazing food , amazing whiskey , amazing beer . right next to majestic , absolute tour highlight
waited num minutes for menus do got up and left . nobody even noticed .
it's helps when they actually cook the bacon that comes on the bacon tomato cheese omelet . fail ! ! !
this place is soooooo yummy ! i've had pizza , salads and dessert and it's all awesome !
this place rocks ! great food , greater service , greatest drinks ! ! ! you must be here !
i have only triied beer here a couple of times but the high roller golden ale is a-ok .
come during the week early afternoon and there was no wait . girls are great and friendly
2 + hr wait . got here at num . i think bellagio and paris buffets were better .
food took an hour . did receive a discount but lost appetite . food was cold .
dirty but fun . seriously i wouldn't let these girls rub on you but they are nice from afar .
this place is legit . awesome craft beers and cool regulars . party !
on hold on the phone for five minutes to place an order , i might as well wait in line .
the line is worth it for the food . i'd give it 5 stars but the looooooooong line killed it .
we had prix fixe menu . most items were excellent , but the scallops left much to be desired .
great pho ! ! ! friendly staff easy parking
love m clara , she does everything right and is pleasant to work with !
nothing special . cheap food , cafeteria style service , no ambiance .
the burgers were good but not good enough to wait num mins for . imo go around the corner to 5 guys .
went in there one day , the ac was out , the bread was moldy and the meat was warm . disgusting .
thanks for the cascara latte ! all the baristas here are awesome . this starbucks is the coolest .
simple japanese food that tastes great . very good customer service . the menu is good overall
not bad for a vegas hotel and casino . decent rooms and the pool area is not the greatest .
they have a surprisingly memorable kale salad for a pizza place . and the pizza is good too .
the best atmosphere for great italian food . having penn's vodka and greek salad . mmm
love kim - she cut my long hair for donation and gave me a great cut ! ! !
good airport ... baggage claim is fast and security isn't difficult
omg i love this ice cream shop is are go to place with my preggo friends when they have the craving
great store . informed staff . had everything i wanted . will return .
food was fine .. service was good . nice selection on menu
the fish and chips are very good . great homemade clam chowder , you won't be disappointed .
will return this weekend
the lady in charge here is very rude and runs her shop like the soup natzi from seinfeld . not cool .
good burgers . good beer selection . nothing fancy and that's what i was looking for this afternoon .
don't expect any hot water from the sink or bathtub , microwave , mini-fridge or coffee maker .
replaced my cracked screen on the spot within the hour
great spot for korean food . we had the bibimbap and it was pretty good . will go back for sure .
great atmosphere and much more room than the other luci's locations and better parking !
super guy , honest and fast , reasonable prices . fixed my mower while i waited . highly recommend !
amazing menu and the pomegranate sorbet is so scrumptious ! ! ! great , fun , healthy , hip restaurant !
great club ! my whole family enjoys using the various facilities and functions regularly .
delicious ice cream , but it seems like they are always sold out of all the good the flavors !
chicken was not cooked all the way , and the food was mediocre at best ... would not recommend .
cool atmosphere , awesome cajun fried oysters and spot on negronis . highly recommend .
the service was great and fast .
einfach lecker :) gerne wieder einmal !
something for everyone ... had merica ... wow it was good and the shake was really tasty ! !
pepe's is the best pizza in las vegas ! i highly recomend .
to die for ! i wish it were bigger so we could always get in to eat ! ! super cute and delicious
my new favorite place , great food , great prices ! if you are in the area , i highly recommend komex !
fun place to stop and have a beer . unique atmosphere and good selection .
doesn't get any better , only different . vampiros are the bomb !
l come here weekly for my italian french dip and i recently tried their pizza 2 thumbs up .
yum yum ! will definitely be back ! good lunch selection and good prices . service very friendly ,
edc num las vegas hotel : really good service and comphy beds ! !
the food was incredible . highly recommend for foodies . wait staff so pleasant . so happy i went
great dining experience . the food is good , but the service is excellent !
nom nom nom . cheesburger animal style and fries . wish this was on the east coat .
the cornbread was the best part of the meal , all the other menu items i tried was sub-par .
good service and good food . happily surprised .
ok pizza not the same as the one in wva but ok service was good pizza was hot little pricey
food is okay . service is questionable . needs improvement . worst coffee i have ever tasted .
good but unremarkable . eating here made me miss commander's palace . that's all .
bomb ! ! ! best buffet i have ever had and extremely reasonable . wish they had one in las vegas ! ! !
awful experience , bad service , food was wrong , and not good
p e r f e k t ! ! ! luv it ;-)
it's ok , but i prefer thai rama .
great food , cheaper than other places , quick , nice delivery person . i highly recommend !
amazing spa with great scrubs . i love spending time here . wonderful clay and jade rooms .
tried to get a delivery through grub hub . no delivery but full refund .
the food was so amazing ! if your in las vegas definitely make the trip to go eat here ! !
lou does amazing work and quality repairs . pricing is transparant and fair .
it was ok chinese fast food . the price was cheap .
i got the chicken shawarma plate and yup it tastes so good ! !
they closed over half an hour before the posted time . super disappointed we didn't get to eat here .
the bun bo hue was okay . this is a food court area . do not expect much for atmosphere .
good costumer service , long waits , but very helpful with helping you find what your looking for .
in and out in just a few minutes . great pick up service . good rates .
best veggie breakfast wrap ever . fresh ingredients , served hot , grilled just right . worth the stop !
enjoy the shrimp in lobster sauce and the veggies great and cheap fast chinese food .
the chicken on the rock is delicious . good price too . service was happy .
omlets are so yummu and the pumpkin cake
finally a good taco shop in vegas . the staff was really nice and the area looked clean .
mariah was amazing she is truly an artist my hair cut is the absolute best !
thanks
always came out happy from this place ... the biscuits are so good and so are the burgers .
this is a great park to go and take a nice walk around . i am lucky live so close to this park .
green curry with vegetables is the best ( and not on the menu , but they will make it ) ! mmmm ...
the best . it's cute and modern and the staff is friendly and quick and their food is soooooo good
overrated . took over num minutes to get fajitas . no desire to return
great customer service jason was such a cool guy . made us laugh and was very helpful .
i've been to a couple of these places , every time i see one , i stop and eat . love their food !
food was excellent . wish the portions were bigger for the price .
the best strip club i've ever been to , in terms of girl quality . we'll leave it at that ...
not that impressed with the food ! service was average and wait time was a little long .
ridiculously amazing tacos ! everything on the menu is fantastic .. spicy shrimp my fav ..
giant greasy sandwich for a great price , what's not to love ! decent beer selection too .
best vet around . has cared for our many pets for over num years . his assistant brandy is excellent .
very authentic italian food . great ambience and excellent service can't wait to come back again ! !
food was alright , service kinda sucked but we had fun for my moms birthday .
clean and yummy . toppings sometimes labeled backward . never very busy during lunch . :)
found him at the forest hills farmers market . great stuff !
broth didnt have a ton of flavor . the meat looked a bit raw still . inside felt dark and odd .
good food served piping hot . super friendly staff . if i were a local it would become a habit .
excellent food . service was most attentive . a go-to for italian .
best sushi on the north west side of vegas . we've been coming here for several years now .
love this place - and yelp , i really don't give a shit if an establishment has neutral restrooms .
uri does a fantastic job on texturing my hair and making me look well groomed ! thank you !
cheese whiz steak is it ! ! ! this place is really good . staff are very friendly and helpful .
good service , low prices for happy hour , good bar food
this is the best mexican restaurant in n las vegas very clean and the food is very good
called " secrets " ... lol ... it's gone gay ( at least on friday nights ) ... classic ;-)
great steak . assorted menu . not to mention the best bloody caesar in town !
really good food but it was disgustingly hot out on the patio it was hard to enjoy any food .
great place and will always come back but our waitress needs a personality adjustment .
everything about this place is authentic ! great ice cream ! love the art deco interior !
have enjoyed dinner at the asbury as few times . the food is great and the menu creative .
killer burritos . great drinks . ehh tacos . it's a pretty chill place and fun to visit for dinner .
par with the other chipotle's i've been to . yay .
decent italian food , very nice bar . you can do a lot worse than this place .
jonathan a was very helpful throughout the process . would buy again . highly recommend !
really clean . nice staff . well run and organized order counter . nicest mcdonalds we've been in .
awesome people ! very inviting , and robert pho did an awesome job on my tattoo .
i've been coming to cde for about num years . they always do a great job and are super friendly .
very good curries . some of the best in the city . pad thai is not great but still decent .
good pricing for dry cleaning and laundering . tailoring is a bit higher in price than desired .
great food great service wen have been to all locations but our fav is off desert inn in lv
argh having a difficult time with the parts they sourced and returns .
great patio and food . check out the nachos for a unique experience .
love this place ! ! ! especially if you like dark chocolate def the place to go ! !
i drive a bit to visit , but it's worth it . such a nice warm team . always helpful and professional .
excellent service , cleanliness and wax by portia .. thanks for providing a lovely experience .
horrible time wait , food is dull and way to pricey for nothing . i don't recommend eating there
ummm yum ! will definitely be back to try more . red velvet waffles and fried chicken . omg .
awesome food and sunday gravy ! ! ! meatballs are the bomb ... yo cuz ! ! ! a must when in vegas !
a charlotte staple not to be missed !
the roast beef thursday specials and the breakfast ! ! ! more bacon you can carry ! ! !
i love this boiling crab ! everyone i come the wait isn't long , unlike every restaurant in cali lol
online appointments available . took car right on time . returned in promised time frame .
oh yes . this place is good !
thai food that gets the job done . they get 4 stars for being num hours and delivering quickly .
best steak and service in las vegas ! skip the strip restaurants and get your steak here !
fantastic steak , great staff . nice experience . love ditkas .
awesome curry and chili mint noodles . definitely one of my favorite places to eat around town .
a whole lot of variety , very reasonable price but the food is dry and stale ! avoid this place
when i'm hungry for italian ... ... i see the martorano's billboard and lose my appetite .
large portions and tasty food ! bottomless mimosas on mother's day with an entree , can't beat it !
love this place . the roles potato tacos were delicious ! everything tastes fresh and healthy !
was in the area and decided to give this restaurant a try . best braised beef noodles i had .
great quick service potatoes were my favorite part . like home cooked potato chips . good prices too
great eats . such a great afternoon of food with friends . service was great . super fast .
awesome ... must try the fish and chips ... broke da mouth ...
great off the strip alternative walking distance to lots of restaurants .
i am from houston just stop by to have lunch buffet it was amazing and delicious must try
delicious large soft pretzels here . very filling though , seems like they use a lot of butter .
a great place for tasty sushi ! love the crazy tuna rolls here .
honestly , ... i simply can't deal with the cheap furniture ... it's just me ... ugh ...
was just here over the weekend for a late night snack . food is yummy !
best baristas ever . especially that homie crystal b . partner of the year in my heart .
the crepes , the chocolate and the maple syrup were wonderful ! ! small place but feels authentic .
this is a local hangout . tasty treats and great people . owners are always around too . love it .
the relining made my dentures better than new , and excellent service
amazing colombian food ! ! ! fair prices , owner managed and delicious . have been there several times !
the place smells like an old trailer and there were multiple hairs in my chicken fingers . ew .
ehh ... it was ok . nothing special , and way overpriced .
the pork fried rice is not good by any means . the sweat n sour chicken is pretty good though .
when you are hungover their breakfast burritos will never fail you . great and authentic .
carpaccio is great . sea bass is a game changer . make reservations !
decent food and good price . a nice little hole in the wall for something new . will return .
eh . it's mediocre . too greasy . but the wings were excellent . maybe i'll try it again .
the customer service here is unparalleled . i always feel well taken care of and listened to here .
nice staff .. clean environment .. great menu selection .. can't wait to go back for sushi
slow service .
we eat here a few times a week and our kids even love the food ! great service !
one of the bigger stores i've been to . friendly staff and huge selection .
the food is so flavourful , albeit a bit messy .
use again .
honestly , there are far more interesting places to visut ,
my favorite place to eat pho ! the prices are so affordable . i would eat here every week !
food outstanding service was terrific waiting to see michael jackson awesome experience
bombay chicken was really good . also , enjoyed the noodles .
nice friendly people hard work in this oil change installation they know what to do doing good job .
love the red chicken curry here ! ! arrive early for lunch on weekdays - restaurant fills up fast .
this is the best pizza . my kids love the chess bread .
great food and good service , very clean , and locally owned which we should all support .
terrible service , they only care about the next dollar earned not the customer before them .
great place ! love the guacamole and mexican corn . tacos are ok , pineapple salsa is delicious .
had a great ice cream sandwich . kinda wished my cookies were softer though .
not happy with this company at all . would not recommend . i cancelled after two weeks .
love this facility , awesome customer service and they make you feel very comfortable
great place ! nothing better than the homemade feeling of making your own pizza !
tiny portions but huge prices . other than that loved the food , environment and service .
excellent sushi , piping hot sake , great service . finally a good sushi joint in the north valley
the brisket was dry and fatty and the pulled pork was also dry . meh . i wouldn't recommend it .
yummy ... found so great sushi in chandler ... we will definitely come again . big and spicy roll ...
amazing food amazing line up . completely worth the wait . limited seating so plan to take away .
really enjoyed ayce sushi . very friendly , generous with fish . we're picky and we'll be back soon ! !
this place is great ! the owner is incredibly nice and the prices are good .
excellent food loved the salmon sushi and salmon bowl . fresh perfectly cooked . great decor
great breakfast and fast service . definitely a keeper in the list of places in lakewood .
all of the food was greasy diner style . my donut had a hair baked in . will not be going back .
the kale caesar was amazing . main courses were also delicious . only complain is a little pricey
and the winner for worst coffee shop in tempe goes to ...
i really enjoy my experience at tantrum and my haircut by heather was amazing , as usual .
this is a wonderful casual upscale environment . nice way to relax and have a few drinks .
dark , intimate , legit drinks without the snippy attitude . happy hour is awesome ... drink it up !
great breakfast ! awesome servers , very friendly , yummy food . will be our fave breakfast place !
it's literally just " ok " . there's a charming three legged cat that will totally swoon you .
good prices and good quality sushi !
sehr lecker da ! preise passen auch
meh . i thought the menu would be bigger . nice music after num p . m . - fun atmosphere .
great food , friendly staff and relaxed vibes all around !
i'm all about the curry and pho num dishes one of the best ! ! great service , great price ...
great experience at the dump , cat , sarah and edhat were all very helpful
great food , love the rid eye with onion ring ;) also the big bowl of chocolate dessert yum !
easy to find your gate
best korean food in town , hands down ! food is amazing . the place is a bit dirty .
had my num tundra tinted here a few weeks back . they did a great job and were also very quick .
its cozy place at the corner , lots of taste in design as well as coffees !
good cajun style food ! the bumbebee stew is the best ! ! they will let you sample anything !
it is ok food for fast food chinese . i don't plan on going here again .
great margaritas , amazing fish tacos , and quick service for the experienced traveler .
this was an amazing dinning experience ! order the pork chop ! i will definitely return .
i love almost all dishes at flos . when i crave for chinese food , i always go to flos .
got some cheap dish cleaning utensils . in , out , easy . obviously good prices .
great margaritas and their bleu cheese steak with kale is outstanding !
best glazed donuts - old school style .
food and wait staff get high marks . atmosphere was bright and trendy , but very loud .
best dental experience ever . they professional , friendly , and affordable .
great people
solid . great service , nothing fancy , high quality food with good portions for a fair price .
people that works here are very nice place kinda small but breakfast it's fantastic
great surf & turf , ribeye & lobster . the desserts are fantastic , another reason to eat here !
affordable comfort food right at my fingertips ! very good chicken and very friendly staff !
they no longer have the creamy chicken soup and i'm sad .
very good food . reasonable prices for the quality . even my mom liked it and she hates everything .
this place is great . great service and huge portions . get the banana split . its huge ! ! !
the pizza is pretty good , just a smudge overpriced . nonetheless i would order from here again
their buckwheat crepes are fantastic - huge and delicious . you won't leave this place hungry !
bad quality , expensive and there are so many better buffets out there for your hard earned money .
you probably should put the right ingredients in an asian chicken salad . not worth $ num .
great place to stop for an early morning bagel .
nikki was great ! she did a great job and i felt very comfortable !
kim did both my kids hair and they were very happy which leaves me very happy very great job
$ num for a stella ? smh .. if you come between the hours of num pm they double the price wtf
always great food relaxing yet festive atmosphere highly recommended ! tuesday tacos are a must
serena , jess , victoria , and sydney were all excellent at their job ! i so happy to go there
i got the stuffed pizza slice with marinara dipping sauce . cheap , fast and delicious !
fantastic ice cream . it was very creamy and packed full of flavor . i will deintely return .
wonderful service and wonderful pizza ! the apps are reasonably priced ! love the atmosphere !
delicious healthy meal / snack / drink place on the go . refreshing and healthy ! highly recommend .
wonderful small grocery in downtown cleveland .
the foie gras made my wife's list of best thing she ever ate . food and service was fabulous .
from the layout this place has potential .
they finally got it right ... they are doing a good job and i appreciate their efforts .
very courteous , professional hair stylists / colorists ! always a great experience here !
service is great and the food is fantastic .
food is really good .. and service also nice ! dosa is really good .. keep up the good work !
its a decent vietnamese restaurant ... ban mi sandwiches are pretty good . food is ok .
beautiful clean rooms , friendly staff , and lots of choices for entertainment
great service . love their drinks , the staff is always very helpful with any questions you have .
san francisco visitor ate here 3 times in one week .
this is as authentic as it gets and i feel like i am in my own kitchen . clean , tasty , and healthy
we stood below as a lion humped the glass . it was gross and funny and left me speechless .
standing in line to get the best brisket in phoenix ... little miss bbq . ohhhh so worth the wait !
damn good calzone ! we love that gyros are on the menu too . quick delivery and great value .
i love this place only place in vegas that i have actually left a winner ! ! ! fun , party crowd !
great italian food and wine . nice outdoor seating and good service . popular in fountain hills .
i finally made it to the breakfast club ! the food was delicious and the place was gorgeous .
this place has a new name and menu . basically raffles is closed . it is called seabreeze now .
amazing place ! ! shaun hudson has helped me so much with my back ! definitely would recommend ! ! !
i come here everytime i come to vegas . a little loud inside , but the food makes up for everything .
very rude person at front lied about having all american burger still i won't be going here anymore
great , guilt-free clothes and jewelry for those who want to make a statement . check it out !
pumpkin curry was amazing ! ! ! so cute and byob . must try !
skip this restaurant and go next door to pasty company .
in-n-out is just the best . double-double animal style . enough said
love the ambience of this place . the tacos were fantastic and really enjoyed our server .
big and brand new . a few more conveniences .
had my gaming rig built here and folks here were very helpful .. thanks jin and greg ! ! !
always give the best cutts here ! ! recommend to anybody looking for a great barber shop
awesome people , jennie o has treated us so well and we will continue to use her for years .
sam is the best ! he is creative , dependable and budget-minded . we wouldn't use anyone else .
carryout . num inch thin crust cheese pizza . $ num super crisp .
experience # 3 yo ! and brueben delicious . enough said .
the food was great especially the lemon garlic shrimp penne ! but the service was really slow :(
i was in pain and my fingertips bleeding when i walked out so probably not the best review here
excellent food , great atmosphere wine prices are reasonable ... we will definitely come back again
almost fell asleep . don't pay the num $ they demend i saw num $ shows that was much better
omg ! are they putting crack in these donuts or what ? they are addictve . cannot wait to go back .
thursday night is a good night to go , but a bit boogie and gets really packed .
i have sent two messages requesting a quote and he hasn't even bothered to respond .
our pizza was burnt and service was so slow . we will not be returning .
great bbq great service . if you in the area you got to try this place good eats !
food and table service was good but the hostess and gal at the register were both very rude .
love the papa mixta and the tequilla sunrises ! ! !
great noodle and fried banana with mango shebert
great asian food , had the burmese chicken curry which i'd recommend
great service with fresh sushi ! ! thanks ! !
omg ! i love their oxtail fries and loco moco . enough said .
finally a mediterranean restaurant in goodyear !
did i mention great costumer service and great ribs ... this is their specialty and i like it :)
great food made to order , quick service even during busy times ! they have a lot of options !
never disappoints . donuts are always fresh no matter what time of day . best donuts in the valley .
i love , love love there breakfast steak burrito , with no beans ! it is very affordable .
the food is ok if presidents choice memories of thailand sauce is your taste
the night shift ! results produced in a timely friendly fashion ! couldn't ask for anything more !
also kein bock mehr auf breuningeralles supper schik miknein dankehabe genug .
really great food and beers ! we had the guacamole , hummus , and cheese board . all were excellent .
the food is good and there's a lot of it . the atmosphere is great , but is a little dark .
had seared scallops and the short ribs as appetizers ! great stuff !
cool guys seems honest fixed my window quick . i will call him if needed in the future
i love the bell ... i know its not mexican ... but we american . hey .. taste good to us . lol .
inspired food for a steal ... don't be scared , just walk right in and order the carne asada tacos !
love their pizza ! eat here a lot ! love the big new york style slices you have to fold to eat .
very nice location but food was awful . had a chicken salad yuck . service stunk big time !
great burger . one of the best fast food burgers i've ever had , right behind 5 guys .
this place is the #bombdotcom ! ! awesome church - very family friendly !
apps were good . pizza was just so so . a little bland .. :(
great products ! ! i'm using the eye collection for 3 weeks and the results are amazing ! !
beautiful in every season . the boardwalk trail is best during the fall . fall colors are perfect
another country restaurant / bar option if you want to head north ...
makes a great neighborhood restaurant . we frequent it often . relaxing bar and outdoor seating .
refused to call me a cab because i had a phone .
karen always does a nice job . she has helped me with my back issues for the last three years .
all time favorite mediterranean restaurant to go to in las vegas . great quality food !
probably best bbq in town . food was really good , the wait staff were ok .
simply delicious ice cream . they make it fresh on the premises . the staff is always helpful :)
kristi was very helpful in taking the time to answer my questions . great customer service !
great service very clean affordable . strong clientele gathering for pedicure and manicure
the dumplings are okay , not great not bad either . i hated having to wait num + minutes for our food .
great curry . temper your expectations for decor and ambience and you'll be pleasantly satisfied !
they have the best ranch i have ever tasted ! the loaded french fries are to die for , even cold !
was booked up but still made time to change locks on all the spots needed . thank you
the pizza is always so good and fresh ! definitely my favourite place to grab a slice !
good bye pastis , we'll miss you ...
great ambiance , great manicure , very attentive and not rushed like similar nail salons uptown .
only ordered congee , but the price and quantity was phenomenal !
sonoran studios goes above and beyond for their customers . my experience was outstanding .
nice staff , not the worst prices , good food and drink selection and nice setup for a sportsbar .
good drinks , great bands , excellent people . my favorite place to spend a night out and see a show .
chris and his crew rock ! we love this place and it's not pricey at all .
love this place . chi trang is awesome and this haircut was everything i wanted ! great price too !
build your own burger and roll it in your favorite wing sauce ... you won't regret it !
the mango tea rules ! a bit pricey but the food is always good . robert pfeifer
i love going to this petco , everything is clean and the groomers there listen to your requests !
the food here is fantastic , affordable and the service is amazing . ellen is the best server !
great place to get a massage and relax . very clean and friendly . nice music playing and great price
red curry level 4 spice was epic ! will be going more often for sure !
best place for kbbq in las vegas ! i come here once a week ... excellent service and quality !
very good food . go the bbq mix and loved all the meats in it . better than l & l by far .
one of the best sandwich i had in vegas for a long time.great friendly staff , i will be back soon .
good clean and open num hours ! get a as norwich for lunch and coffee from hollers cuppa
amazing service . freshest of product and both traditional and modern takes on japanese cuisine !
a girlfriend always brings over some of their homemade ice cream and it is sooo satisfying !
great smokey tasting omelette's and friendly staff . great experience at the airport .
pretty nice airport . clean airport . a lot of restaurants . staff was friendly and helpful .
excellent service with vincent coming back thanksgiving morning the next day to resolve an issue .
absolutely delicious ! i highly recommend sitting on the patio to enjoy the bellagio water show !
i don't know what those haters were watching .. but this show was sooo impressive .
this place was sooo good , i came 2 days in a row . brought my parents the second time .
terrible ... no forks , food not ready , no receipts they were totally unprepared for this event .
great company . came out and fixed what others screwed up and the price was very fair .
love that the food is freshly cooked and just the right mix of both korean & mexican !
best thai i've had in toronto yet . green curry = yaaaas pad thai = yaaaas thai iced tea = yaaaas
quality is consistent . not as salty as the other ramen places . good service .
had some awesome nachos tonight . modified the order and it came out perfect ... they were great !
autum our server was so great ! she was very attentive and catering :) our food was great too ! !
this location is super slow ! food is ok , but don't think it will be fast . it is slow , slow , slow !
the restaurant is charming , food is mediocre , prices on the high side and staff unhappy to see you !
good pizza and beer selection
oh this place ! ! yeeeessss puulleeeaasssee ! delicious to a fault ! leaves you full & craving more !
gorgeous hotel in the heart of sun devil country .
the barbeque baby back ribs were a tasty surprise ! hands down the best bbq around .
gotta try the rubs .. no fat all meat .. hands down the best in vegas ! go and check it out !
not sure what happened to this buffet , it used to be good , but now it was blahhhh ...
hair puller . makes the temple bleed . grip the roots with out pulling hair .
yum ! fantastic german pancake and chocolate chip pancakes . prices could be better .
i like their lumber better than home depot and their hurricane ties . nice store with good selection
always does an awesome job . beautiful flowers that last .
great beer selection . food was good , with the exception of the pomme frites , which were average .
the morning glory cafe is absolutely gorgeous . the food portions filled me up halfway through .
wow . i just had my first appointment for physiotherapy . i am very impressed with everything .
excellent service and attention to detail . simply the best haircut in value and style .
very good bbq , but a little overpriced compared to other places with similar quality .
best indian lunch buffet in town . very good value , too !
we all enjoyed our food , good prices , friendly service and cool inside / patio . we will be back .
really good place the food and price are really good , try paella valenciana and sopa de mariscos
hands down just the best place ever . great great food ( better then filiberto's ) awesome service !
excelente comida , muy buen servicio y perfecto lugar.la mejor comida cubana de north carolina
just great solid food and atmosphere with premium beers / spirits . dont forget the hummus !
first time here and loved it . great service and food . finally found pizza that i truly enjoy .
my all time fav burger joint & love the souvlaki on a bun & home-fries ! ! !
very good lobster roll n smothered fries were delicious ! ! andrea was a very good server ! !
love the mimo salad ... great servers , awesome patio , right on college st .
this is the worst mcdonalds i have visited . the staff is rude and the service is terrible .
pulled pork was very good . restaurant was a little too dark for the middle of the afternoon .
will definately be coming back to this place !
the woman at the cash register taking our order was very rude . i won't be coming here again .
overpriced , overrated , nothing is more interesting than the big yellow door
the soup and sandwiches are amazing . beef on wreck is my new favorite .
great food and vibe , excellent staff . and the best darn deep dish chocolate chip cookie evvvveeeer !
great food , great music , great place . justin rocked the bloody mary . we will be back again soon
the dry aged ribeye was fantastic , we also has the steamed shrimp salad .
loved the food . glad that i found this place . nothing fancy , just great taste .
give this place a shot - you won't be disappointed - authentic chicago style beef
wait where is the one on num ave and van buren that is the best
amazing menu - it's ridiculously hard to choose , so enjoy the journey with the num courses .
best pizza & wraps in town . been going for yrs . donna is sweetheart who takes care of everything .
i wish someone would have posted that it's a periodical store that isn't all year round
best place hands down . made my dog and myself feel really comfortable .
love love love their shakes ! ! their fries are amazing too .
maria was fantastic , i highly recommend pushiv . i hate needles and she made it so easy for us .
service was a little slow but the sushi was great and tasted fresh .
drove over num mins just for this . food was old service was great will be here again forsure !
great cut and lovely staff . easy to work with and was even able to squeeze me in in short notice .
pretty decent food ! location is odd , but the atmosphere is decent , felt like i was in the hamptons !
i love ageless forever and recommend dr . pierce and his team to everyone i meet
love this place ! and everyone needs to gt the okra ! it is amazing and super easy to fry ! ! ! :)
a little hard to find , but once you're inside it's a great new spot for cocktails in charlotte .
excellent and helping people here ! will continue coming here and recommend to my friends ! !
their customer service is terrible and my hot drink was super cold . i would never come back !
spaghetti is delicious , baking surface is good also , very suitable friend for dinner , a nice place !
amazing fresh food for a good price ! very fast , made in front of you , very friendly staff
never had a bad meal ! ! service is really hit or miss .
leckerer kaffe und guter kuchen . ein muss fuer jeden stuttgart besuch .
these guys are the best ! reliable service , prices can't be beat . i would recommend them to anybody !
ohh the good ole days . oskee !
delicious food ! friendly fast service ... had a caronarita ! could drink like num of those !
their so lazy !
the best cupcakes i have ever tasted in my life ! ! !
i just have one thing to say about this place : awesome burgers and lovely people ! yay , i'm a fan !
great beer . great music . fun atmosphere for a tuesday ! this place is probably packed on weekends !
video link : num
wonderful place at a price . food is great , atmosphere is there , but only thing missing is a view .
service here is amazing , and i love the coffee . crepes are super creative and delicious .
had the buffalo chicken sandwich and is was great unique taste compared to others sandwiches
i most certainly love five guys burgers & fries ! dude , even their hot dogs rock !
the staff handle the chaos incredibly well . wish there were more , and bigger locations .
decent food . had lamb chops for the entree , was a little too salty .
when i asked for a crossoint warmed up , they told me they don't have oven . what ? ? ?
dr . zena alshukri is an amazing dentist and staff works well together and very friendly .
amazing ! mini xiao long baos have the best skin to meat ratio ! so good !
great crust and definitely solid pizza . not the best i've had in montreal but up there .
get here now to have some of the best bbq in vegas ! awesome food nice people clean inside dining .
ruined 2 of my vehicles .
buffet includes liquor ... what more can you ask for ? one of my top 3 faves in las vegas buffets !
amazing show ! ! ! been to lv three times and this was by far the best shows i have seen in vegas !
a great piano store . i purchased a piano here and recommend this place to all my friends .
v had idli , rava masala dosa and bisi bele baat . none of them were good . taste not authentic .
best pizza in ahwatukee ! family owned . great service .
they have good sandwiches & pastries here ... great place to get snacks .
best , authentic tacos ! the meat tastes so good and i like all the toppings they have .
excellent ! ! ! great taste ! ! healthy food and reasonable prices ! ! will come back again soon ! !
amazing in it's simplicity yet every pasty is remarkably different . can't wait to return !
always the best chinese food around bolton and nobleton ! reasonable prices and good quality .
your average bww , pretty clean , good items on the menu clean awesome tv's
not one thing was bad here ! everything was amazing ! bread pudding french toast is a must try !
this is the best social hour in las vegas . definitely a " can't miss " spot on the strip . go go go .
great food , and great prices ! this is the best authentic mexican food in the lake norman area .
best sushi joints around , great selection always fresh . salmon loves lemon roll is a must try .
it's always a good place to visit , have a treat and a tea . keep it up ! just pricey but we knew .
liked the outdoor space and the beer is really good . wish they had more seating
love the burgers very good food . drive thru fast . love portillos . great service . i would recommend
blueberry bagel is fresh yummy bagel heaven . thanks bagel man .
josh gannis and i thought that the lobster pad thai special was outstanding !
( voir photo ci-dessous )
i was given the best result possible , and he was extremely fast in delivering !
macht weiter so - wir kommen wieder ...
yummmm ! ! def going back ... awesome hot and sour soup seafood fried rice and everything else .. :)
small point . piped in music is very loud and pervasive . feel sorry for the people who work here .
by far the most greasiest pizza i've had in vegas . total disappointment .
friendly , fine , food simple great italian dishes .
great products but high prices !
i've have had dinner at this place a few times thru out the years and its always been hit or miss
very disappointed - went one night the food & service were both terrible ! will not go back here !
food was awesome and the stoli doli was great ! service was great ... atmosphere was top notche !
got the corn bread and eggs benedict . and great service very friendly
pretty good food and a great list of beers ! the upstairs is nice and quiet .
great place for a haircut . free mvp upgrade if it's your first visit .
friendly staff , would highly recommend going here if you are looking for a dentist uptown .
great pictures for social media , but not worth waiting over an hour for !
ahi tuna , firecracker shrimp , steak oscar ! that was a hell of a meal . great service . five stars
wings are crispy and flavorful . great pizza and awesome service . we love this place .
so glad we came here tonight . first time and very impressed with service and delicious food !
the best boba tea in town .. ~ ~ i like this light bulb so much ~ ~ ~ absolutely come here again ...
they rarely put 4 pieces of meat on your burrito , because they are always running low on steak !
love this place , especially the meat balls , greek salad and pizza ! . great place to eat !
yummy authentic food . shy but very kind staff that truly were happy to show off their cooking
had the pollo mole num / 5
loved it . very nice selection and polite staff . will def go back .
amazing food ! small , quaint place . the tom kha soup was delicious . the ambience is cute and cozy .
very nice golf course at an excellent value . this place is my go-to course in the valley . katie
i still love this place . nu is the best . i can't say enough about how amazing she is !
best burgers iv ever had . nice establishment and nice people . quick service and clean place .
comfortable place to live , respectful and prompt staff .
love this place , great food and wine list . great atmosphere and vibe too !
love these guys ! a fun place to hang out for a few hours to paint & have a cocktail with friends
ham steak and eggs was a good choice . service was very good and very fast . glad i stopped in .
dog poop everywhere . people try to walk into other people's apartments . management is horrendous !
these guys are badass ... i always leave looking fresh and clean ... i also never wait very long ...
good price chinese restaurant .. it's my num times visit when i come vegas .. i like it anyway .
good prices health portions and i love the fried chicken
one of the best in terms of quality and service . excellent food and awesome wine list .
staff is very friendly ... looking for my num now .
the pimento cheese dip will literally change your life . don't leave lgo without trying it !
small little place if you're dining in . but great food !
liz la monica is an amazing spin instructor . i really enjoy class when she is there .
great food when you are on the go will definitely stop in when i am back in town .
this is our favorite place for bbq and fish ! the service is awesome and the food amazing .
delicious food and friendly service.amazing views from num windows .
excellent prices , knowledgeable staff ! i love my new hot tub cover !
great fish tacos ! wait was ok . seems popular . my first visit .
great now that the reno's are done . i just wish they had more drop off parking space .
so-so pizza . there's definitely better pies in town .
awesome beers , great for family , cute place .
great service and great food ! chicken tikka masala is the best in town !
amazing baja fish tacos ! the fried fish was light and a really tasty dressing on top !
my favorite food ! love the fresh , nutritious options ! delish !
love this local brewery . todd is always ready to impart some knowledge about their great beers .
nice selection of specialty rolls . fish is fresh , place is clean and the employees are very nice .
loved my experience here . jenn was great and very informative . i'm definitley going back !
outstanding . quality . the butter burger was so rich as well as the glazed donut bread pudding .
always a fan of harkins theaters . this one i like mainly because of the location .
the staff was so nice to offer me services when i came with a friend to her appointment .
food is still great but i've definitely noticed the quality of the coffee has lowered ...
great price and entertaining set up in the main area . has arcade games for the kids also .
super good food ! also the service is extraordinary ! i've been three times and can't wait for more .
he was reasonably priced when we needed a new water heater and came out right away . no issues .
wonderful customer service ! friendly staff , safe parking lot , good food !
have stayed at this property twice in the last num months ... nothing short of perfect
petite terrasse . ca depanne , why not ?
dr . kroll is great . his entire staff in very knowledgeable and friendly . great eye doctor ! !
went there before and after the tv show change over , loved the food , sorry to see it closed
best beef nihari in las vegas . on the strip and a mile away from las vegas convention center .
they know how to treat people . dr barbin is as gentle as they come .
consistently great . long line moves fairly quickly . double-double animal style is my go-to .
i love the macaroons ! danielle is always so friendly and helps me pick out new flavors every time
erica hamilton
free wifi , good cappuccino and really nice music in the speakers ! what nore could you ask for ?
the nachos were huge they were pretty good . the margaritas are really good and have a nice kick .
my pizza was a half-burned grease bucket . gross , i highly doubt they gave oprah what they gave me !
great job and fast service ! very friendly and great value too ! definitely come back in the future .
my burger was cooked to order . nice and juicy . i would recommend this place to any hamburger lover .
sehr leckere brezeln - der weg und das schlange stehen bis auf die strasse - lohnt sich !
food was great , family oriented , service was excellent . wow did i eat good . highly recommended ...
excellent icecream & service ! ! i loved trying all the flavours . best icecream in phx ! !
lunch was excellent today . nice redemption from our last visit , we are glad we stopped in .
great pizza for the downtown crowd that isn't greasy ! high quality pizza - love it !
great customer service ! ! office personel are willing to go out of their way to assist .
horrible service . salsa was great . combo fajitas were average at best . queso fundido was amazing .
stayed here again june num . elevators are fixed . most rooms updated . i really like this hotel :)
i always come here . yesterday was my first time getting this to go . skipped the wait , ate great !
food was good , price was right . if you live in the ' tuk , recommend it i might .
fair and reasonable rates with exceptional service .
this is my favorite sushi spot in vegas . the quality is incredible . chef tae is the best !
lettuce raps were excellent and so was my dinner of mandarin chicken ; very friendly staff
amazing inventive food , great wine and cocktails , really fun quirky environment . my fav !
nice outdoor patio . very friendly and helpful staff and managers .
i love this place ! i ate here for the first time a few weeks ago and the food was amazing .
terrible customer service . will not be doing business with megan ( the owner ) again .
horrible customer service ! probably the worst in north america !
solid dentist , got me in there quickly and did a good job with my root canal
got into the bank for free and my girl got a free $ num dollar drink music was good all night
small , with just the basics . don't expect to run into any mixologists here . ( god i miss bevmo ! )
love a place with a countdown to st . patrick's day clock ! lots of beer choices , not so many ciders .
don't go here unless you sit at the bar and order drinks , and food that does not need to be cooked .
lived here for num years and just found this place ... great local vegas find ! ! ! totally recommend ...
need to improve on customer service and appreciating employees and clients .
hospital food served in a grungy atmosphere with lousy service .
amazing atmosphere ! love the music and vibe ! kaci was amazing ! thank you squid ink ! ! !
best hawaiian restaurant in las vegas . hands down .
yum ! delicious menudo
totally a fan of the happy hour , cheese platter & wine tastings !
vanna did a great job , always , but shes gone now , ... anyone know where shes gone ? thanks
delicious pies ! i have had the coconut cream pie and a peanut butter pie , both pies were fabulous .
super good pho . i had the oxtail and loved it . the servers were not the most friendly though .
delicious food and beautiful outdoor seating area . server janette is outstanding !
superb ambiance ! great cocktails . ok pizza
service was good . beer was cold . got my burger medium just as i ordered . good experience .
had my 2 kids here ! !
not bad they have better deals than the other rite aids and their store is bigger :)
ordered mango mille crepe , the taste is just ok , nothing special , won't go back again .
great breakfast spot away from the strip and fantastic prices ! best vegas breakfast imo
great experience the associate sam was so helpful ! ! ! she has excellent customer service .
dead store waiting ... who ever is working there just does not care or understand ...
good food , great lunch specials , fun atmosphere !
i've been coming here for years - very professional , clean , and fast . highly recommend .
the delivery from there sucks takes far too long and way over priced for mediocre food
went in to look for a new dishwasher and carol was very knowledgeable , helpful , and sweet .
fast and friendly service . affordable rates . ask for chris . he's hilarious and very helpful
wow , that lunch buffet just hit the spot so good . and the mango ice cream . i could die happy .
great food great price . not as flashy as madmex but very nice .
very friendly . worth the drive off the strip , great attention to detail for a clean simple food .
was a good time . pertty spacious and the staff was nice
the family and i love this place we go once a month . my son like to run around on the patio .
excellent fresh food and amazing customer service ! karine really treats you like family !
paid just about num bucks for a small tasteless california burrito . will never go back .
usually very crowded but the bar staff is excellent and always friendly ! good wings !
meatballs are legit . i really enjoyed the grinder and sliders but the sides were just okay .
loved my nails kim did an amazing job i'll definitely return and look for her to take care off me
drove up to europa to pick up some cakes for a party , store was empty and no sign in the window .
went back and still excellent ! the chocolate torte with salted caramel was to die for !
they take foreverrrrrrrrr everytime ! first time actually going in and it was super dirty !
good food , decent price . got the chicken lo mein . wish they cleaned the place a bit more though
i love this place and everything in it . portions are huge . food is delicious ! service is great .
quick with delivery and never mess up my order - great deals if you use the app
one of the best coffee places in vegas . the chai latte is seriously the best i've ever had .
beautiful spa but snobby , awful customer service .
one of the best massage ! ! especially the hot stone ! only one word to describe this amazing !
service was good , food was what i would expect from tgi fridays
the alfredo sauce is not the same as my first review :( won't be going back . sorry to say .
soooo fun ! love it for the night life , drinks and dueling piano entertainment !
great friendly place with a chill vibe . highly recommend if you want to get away from the strip .
cute little family brewery . they were really nice and gave us a tour . don't miss the red .
they prices they charge is more than what's posted on menu board . that's illegal i think .
best place to go ! ! walk in every time and they see me ! ! without any appts .. love this place ! !
worse parts person i have ever dreamt with . rude , discourteous , and more . will never go back ! ! !
gave fixed cost . came on time , installed and was very friendly .
leathery burger , meat tastes like it was from aldis .
my favorite hotel on vegas ! it makes you feel like you are in the middle of italy !
it was a very lovely place with great food ! i will definitely come back to try more dishes .
closed for remodeling until nov num . and i was so excited to try this place tonight :(
good coffee and cool atmosphere , but what's up with the wireless situation ? not so cool .
great sushi great bombs ! always a good time before heading out ! !
this is the best loving hut in town . the golden beauty is money and i'm not even vegan .
we had family style for this lunch . nothing about our meal really stood out .
lousy pizza . so many other great pizza joints in chats , avoid this place . not impressed .
omg , the food is so good ! crazy location too next to sapphire's strip club .
havent gone in years but it was a blast
repeat : perhaps .
we keep returning !
stopped in yesterday for dinner . terrible food . very bland and not cooked enough .
awesome pizza and wings ! i am definitely going to order from rosati's again .
tommy gives same great haircut every time . for my son too !
i think this einstein bagel shop is really dirty and will not go back
great service , very engaging , from albert . wings & buns were fantastic , along with the noodles .
ich finde das jonny m nicht so toll . die meisten da denken sie sind was besseres .
the place is closed . too bad - although it is a monster chain restaurant - it was a nice chain .
ohjah house special ramen is my favor . creamy white broth , full body flavor .
i love this place ! the customer service is excellent and the cupcakes are so good !
fancy denny's style - be down with their lobster rolls .
( * ) view of the pool courtyard
love the food here ! the chicken and broccoli and general tso are my favorites ! good portion sizes !
very good portion for the price . very authentic taste . i especially liked their ginger beer .
the cookies are amazing and so fresh definitely the best ice cream sandwich i have ever had
splendid food , low prices , bring your own wine . good times , i go here once a week !
average americanized mexican at a high price . go to faustos or robertos instead ..
easy fast online ordering and pizza was right out of the oven when they said it would be !
great place , new owners are fabulous . service is great and shaved yoghurt is wonderful
got the pad thai and the spring rolls delivered ; delicious . delivery was right on time
really good . beer selection was great and the options for sausage / toppings is very unique .
best sushi in town , freshest fish , best rolls . i come here for 2 ears , enjoy every time .
i love walking the path ! appreciate how clean the park is kept especially the restrooms !
the man in the office was very helpful i would definitely recommend this storage center
definitely num starz ! who hoo ! always satisfied with the food and the servyis excellent !
cute place . good happy hour . nothing really special but i would go back again if in the area .
overpriced . selection wasn't very good . lots of other places i'd go before coming here .
authentic , great food , great service , affordable , friendly , and clean .
food was good wish we had one here in tracy ca .
i want to fly to phoenix airport every week just to eat their pizza . so ... so ... sooooo good !
the service is great , the skillet course was wonderful . we didn't enjoy the blubbery pancakes ..
i had the eggs benedict . worst i've ever had . the service was slow and the food was expensive .
pretty consistent spot for lunch . love the daily special price and variety . the tots are great !
i had the chicken marsala ... pretty bland . i've had better at olive garden . everything was fair !
amazing place for a different breakfast . staff if joyful , perfect place to start your day !
the breakfast sandwich is a solid choice . the daily soups are always on-point too .
a good stop on the st pattys day pub crawl .
great service ! i have an ebay business and they make it so easy to ship fast and economically .
jose rojas rivera took time to answer all my questions .
delicious , and super friendly . the pineapple froyo is an awesome touch
the best buffet in town . there's a reason why the locals brave the tourists and come here too ! ;)
standing outside the place right now and it's closed opening soon as a filipino restaurant
ordered delivery - the food was delivered before the promised time and it was really delicious .
got a watch band repaired , friendly and fast . the watch dog knows tricks !
great price and great show . highly recommended , and i hope jan makes it big !
excellent margaritas ! ! usually there's no long wait times .
delicious ! had chicken & waffle , wings & big burger . every dish exceeds my expectation .
our agent was the best ! love our new townhouse and we are so happy with the whole process .
great dive restaurant , quality food
fabulous place to watch college football on a saturday !
wow ! extremely attentive service and the breakfast burrito i had was delicious . highly recommended .
i've never eaten here but it's a fun place to drink . lots of outdoor seating .
just left , second time there this week food was even better ... can't wait to go back ... lol
looks great on the outside . interior is okay . girls dance on the casino table at night
always fresh and great . did not give it a 5 due to the prices being quite high for breakfast food .
stopped in for a quick take out dinner while traveling wings were very good .
awesome . best thai food i've ever had . crispy duck with drunken noodles was cooked perfectly .
good , fresh food . great service . tiger roll was delish and the rice was great too .
love this place . great vegetarian meals , always a great evening . even the kids love it .
shannon is a great bar tender and took amazing care of us today ! food and drink were awesome !
come here for business lunch frequently . sushi bar is decent good flavor , lacks variety .
friendly informative staff - suit came back great . happy to refer friends and family to delia's !
had mac and cheese with chicken and was completely satisfied , awesome pie and great service !
the service is friendly . it's a small , homely place . great crepes at a reasonable price .
been comin here for 3 years to see corbin and got all dope shit but this nigga sucks lmao
wonderful place - all local food . one of the best chefs in the valley . pricey , but worth it .
awesome spot to hang out with friends and have a great time ! very clean and friendly staff
good food and great breakfast selection ! awesome bialys frash !
thought when we left you shut down ... heard you're still open gotta get back for the burgers ! !
had the hell's kitchen burger and substituted beef for chicken ... it was the best burger ever !
el sombrero is an excellent mexican bistro in downtown las vegas . truly some great food !
good place to go to for chinese authentic meal
my stylist is resea . she is great and has my hair growing a lot ! ! i highly recommend her .
this place now will be one of my favorite ... looks very healthy and great made . not expensive .
excellent food and service , highly recommend this local place ! lunch menu has a great variety .
amazing pizza ! definitely one of the best places to get pizza in vegas . i highly recommend them .
mexican food . burger and sandwich are good .
it's a great store they are proffessional there shipping is quick
ehhhh the food was expensive and not very good . i hoped for better and have had better .
love this place-great salad and pizza and bellini and make sure to save room for dessert ! !
the best and most honest ferry coffee i've enjoyed in a long time . boi , that was good .
service was only 2 stars
such a lovely brunch spot , however the lineups are brutal . the croissants are insanely delicious .
fast service . just stopped in for ice cream . ice cream very creamy and yummy good price .
good music . good food . good staff . yellowtail appetizer is amazing and prices are fair .
it was nice to get away from the strip :)
terrible , immature and rude service . unfortunately . very disappointing . food average .
not up to the hype . food taste and quality is not even average . prepared to be disappointed .
my favorite spot in tempe ! been coming here for awhile and they guys are very skilled .
one of my favorite places . donuts are always good . and the real fruit smoothie is the best .. mango
game time is now closed for good . somebody didn't pay the rent .
excellent sandwiches , awesome fries and lemonade ! the philly cheesesteak never disappoints .
egg white , spinach , tomato , and mushroom bagel was pretty good . i was starving when i had it tho .
i know the owners of this mr . electric franchise and they are wonderful people !
the veg doesn't seem to be as fresh as it used to be :(
thank god for a cheap food place on the strip that isn't piled up high with oil ! ;-)
meh . it wasn't anything special or memorable . our waitress was nice and the food was ok .
new spot for hang out ! food was good . love their bbq platter , mushroom . good service .
great food , great welcome , with lots of character .
i have seen it twice and i will see it again .
the sandwiches here are exceptionally good and flavorful !
my new favorite place ! finally amazing seafood in the desert . ty ht !
one of my prints came in upside down and their online design tool is pretty terrible .
youll pay a little more tho ...
all 5 of us agreed that this was the worst asian restaurant we ever ate at . avoid at all cost !
delivery takes over an hour ! ridiculous !
it's clean and new . chevron is the only gas station that i know of that sells real water .
- delicious macaron
cool little hideaway . great food , clean and friendly . prices were reasonable as well .
the best pancakes i've ever had ... the cinnamon rolls are pretty killer to ...
eric did a great job capturing 4 kids under num . not an easy task . very professional .
excellent hotel , well maintained . the design is very unique .
great service and a great meatball sandwich today with a takeout . first time here . i'll be back !
amazing all the way around ! the staff and food were top notch ! i would return here repeatedly .
awesome lil tapas place ! good tapas and great service . in the same parking lot as la quinta !
any pancakes that are president obama's favorites are great in my book as well !
we had the brussels sprouts and they were delicious . just a touch of spicy which was perfect !
great place to eat ! the corned beef is a good as you get outside of montreal and nyc
omg , it's incredible ! this is a casual alex , with a twist of alinea . go !
more variety online ! but nothing better then getting the one that catches your eye .
terrible ! ! ! a day late and didn't receive the flowers paid for .
its a joke and they are lazy . i wouldnt trust my car there , better mechanics for cheaper downtown .
this place has terrific thai food but it's really busy with a lineup to get in .
taco tuesday is clutch .. num cent tacos ... very fresh ... nachos and salsa all great
good stylists , and you can't beat the wait time !
i like it so much and the environment is clean and quiet
delish ! just wish they did delivery .
always good place for food and a drink , no matter what night of the week it happens to be .
great anniversary dinner . fabulous fondue , service our server lyric is amazing . we'll be back .
nice staff , but what gives it 5 stars is the strong , tasty , infamous , lee's iced coffee
best hotel ever ! ! ! every time i go to vegas i always book the cosmo .
the best donuts ever . especially if you get one that is just fresh .
is this place still in business ? called all week no answer , went to location and it was closed ?
great food , great service & awesome atmosphere . i loved the calamari & lobster mac & cheese .
ok . little appetizers , just as small entree . tuff steak sandwich . really awful . great service
best corned beef hash and lemon ricotta pancakes in town . service was amazing as always . thank you !
treated me like an idiot over the phone , kept interrupting me to yell at his empolyees .
love this place ... a friend introduced me and it is now my go to place . yummy and great drinks
great place to sit outside and have a drink and watch the entertainment on tuesdays night !
great service ! ! ! look for miss kitty she is a good server ! ! !
end .
great room , fun time , challenging but fun ! room could have used a lil love , but that's minimal .
great location and service . a little on the pricier side but excellent food , especially the pastas
went for a breakfast burrito the potatoes were all hard and nasty this place use to be much better
not great . appetizers are great . very boring entrees . not good either . desserts ok ! !
if you prefer a " hip " atmosphere to good food , you might like this place
pleasant place to start your day .
waiting time is horrible i ve been here over an hour my car is still in the parking lot .
very nice owners , accommodating and makes you feel at home . the food on the other hand was ok .
worst customer service ever ! ! i signed up for yelp just to say this ... food was not good .
5 stars !
halloween night was cracking ! ! ! ludacris , cybertron , num costume event was awesome ! !
best in vegas
it's a must do . my family had a lot of fun . get the vegas info magazine , it has a coupon inside .
love the coffee , bomboloni and service ..
always great service and really helpful . been here a few times and will continue to come back .
my favorite donut shops in las vegas . cant go wrong with real donuts . they have the best ice cream !
top notch . and they clean fountains too . eric is personable and works with you no matter what .
nice place , great ceviche and crab cakes ! we just moved to the neighborhood and will be back often !
great price and wonderful flavor .
francisco and team get the job done for clients . i refer to him without hesitation !
pretty chill . lines were short during the evening so that was convenient .
amazing sooooo yummy come here if u love food try it u will love the meatballs sandwich
best garcia's out there ! nothing like the chain.amazing mexican food . love the green corn tamale .
great selection , great prices , amazing customer service ! ! and super cute guard dog too :)
ein leckerer italiener der noch selber kocht . sehr guter service .
great fries . they are thick and soft on the inside . chili is good . not much else to them .
great vet . fixed my dogs teeth for a quarter of the price that my regular vet wanted .
love whole foods . people are very friendly . place is clean with great produce :)
best mussel sauce ever ! dunkel beer , garlic , butter and mustard ! pretty great ! no pic ! was hungry !
the best service thank you . great people angelica needs 5 star by her self . thank you nordstrom
i'd go back . enough good unique food to go back . the 5 star item was the dessert donuts .
food is delicious and authentic ! services is great as well . favorite place for mediterranean food
zara outshines topshop for me . their clothes are just as quirky but definately more wearable .
we don't eat at many national chain restaurants . but when we do , we prefer bj's .
little place in strip mall food was decent , service was friendly
dude - its the freakin ' encore - its amazing ! ! ! not a better place to stay in vegas in my opinion
the dining room is just ok , but the pho is worth coming back over and over again .
excellent salon . nancy did a great job doing my hair . i highly recommend this salon .
first visit , great atmosphere ! lots of things on the menu to choose from . nice variety
fast service , good portions , delicious food , and great prices . will definitely come here again !
my card information was stolen & used here by one of the employees so sad ... please be aware ! ! !
omg i love the mexican benny at hazel's . it's just the perfect spicy dish for brunch .
ben did a great job . met me exactly when he promised . got the lock off in record time . thank you ! ! !
delicious ambiance ... burrata & heirloom tomato salad and steak . what else do you need !
santiago massages are a great price for the quality ! he's the best !
good food . fairly priced . comfortable atmosphere .
thanks !
pros - open late night , good service cons - terrible tasting food !
very good boiled seafood , it reminds me of what i had in new orleans . i highly recommend
good service , reasonable prices and friendly staff . they actually listen to specific requests .
big anchor stores and wonderful brands with above average selection .
great fried dumplings , look like crepes . service is pretty bad , but the food made up for it .
great gym , not to packed has everything you need plus more
hostess literally gave a stuck up attitude when we asked to have better seats for our group .
it was just ok . i haven't found a really amazing middle eastern restaurant yet in phoenix .
delicious chicken ! ! great fresh salsa bar ! very reasonable prices and fast service .
amazing food . extremely fresh . nice staff , intimate setting . anything on the menu is good .
i spent around $ num for a groupon service valued at around $ num and received about a $ num car wash .
venerated veggie bowl is always delicious . love the salads too !
nice indoor strip mall with a urban outfitters ice bar and fat tuesday's
ist ok . war aber auch mal besser . ab und zu werden wir noch hingehen .
food truck tuesday and best fish n chips ! bison burger
root beer float is my favorite cocktail . service is always great ! we'll be back again !
great show ! very entertaining and my wife and i enjoyed it very much . it was better than expected
cute , trendy clothes . the quality is much better than xi . always sales going on .
fantastic ' greasy spoon food ' but it's no greasy environment . clean as a whistle and yummy !
i strongly recommend this place . the egg rolls are to die for . the lichee boba slush is amazing .
num stars . fairly good pizza . excellent service .
most disgusting food i've eaten in my life , not to mention server ignored our table all night
spartan pizza is going smoke-free on march 1 , num , well ahead of the ban . way to go , spartan ! ! !
great spot . nice people . it is my favorite yogurt place .
quick and easy , but most importantly good food . staff is always friendly and attentive .
great food and outdoor seating :) they even had live jazz music the night i went .
love this new addition to henderson ! food was awesome and the service was great and friendly ! ! !
great o to place for electronics and while waiting u can cruise this crazy-fun eye candy mall
great price - excellent service . the food is very delicious . naan are very good with curry .
this place closed in december of num . yelp for whatever reason has not removed it .
regular pho . spring rolls were a disappointment . staff was nice though . clean washrooms .
sooo good . shrimp po ' boy is my fav , but everything is worth the price and the drive .
delicious tan tan ramen . like extra spicy . had shelly temple ! ! ? pretty decent nice servers ! ! !
the chicken was pretty good . i like it spicy ! extra hot sauce ! the decor is alright .
this place is crap . don't waste your time or money the mgt is crap . treat you like crap
best coffee and best service of any coffee shop ! always so friendly . i come here almost daily .
one of the best apple store in toronto . i go there after college to spend some time before my work .
good pizza buffet and salad bar . been coming here for years . cinnamon breadsticks !
jayden , our server was funny and nice haha
they always look out for the money team ! ! we appreciate you guys ! love their spicy hot sauce !
i stay here every time i visit vegas ! love the hospitality , the valet is very slow though :(
they force you to tip a minimum of about num % and if you dont they tell you to go away .
this by far is the worst resturant in caesars palace . i'll never come back here again !
best chinese in vegas ! restaurant is gorgeous , staff was excellent , and the food was impeccable .
love both the apache rd in tempe and chandler locations . great food . i need to go more often ! !
omar's is the truth . love the scampi and wings . they need to bottle their bbq sauce .
tried this place for only lunch and brunch , and all times its been great food .
our pizza was burnt and service was so slow . we will not be returning to this location .
try the bangers and mash ... they make it with an apple sauce that is really good !
love my master closet sliding door and the customer service was awesome .
do not go on veterans day ! they do not recognize the holiday ! ! ! rude !
my favorite sushi place to come to in phoenix ! always great service and amazing tasting sushi .
lovin their bob's pure intentions brown ale ! just wish they had flights to try everything !
the pho is not very flavorful and the add ins are not fresh . the ramen is pretty tasty though .
great barbershop . six barbers who know how to cut a man's hair .
connor brague , best decision cane's has made since double butter toast . amazing employee .
pricey . great for friends to gather . liked the fire pits . only been once when they opened .
dropped a shirt off yesterday morning and got same day service to pick it up after five .
employees acting like customer presence is a huge inconvenience . will not return to this store
love the house chicken here ! ! ! great value too ! try the crab rangoon too !
fantastic experience . came here wednesday night while in town . great service and environment .
las vegas staple . people are super friendly and food is pure , unadulterated , greasy amazing .
where else can you get a pound of good bbg meat for $ num while watching bull riding ?
great indian food ! ! ! go go gooo !
food was fresh , tasty and kept nicely warm . good variety . clean , pleasant place .
went for my bd which happens to be on new years eve . the dinner was bad . the show was very good .
spent the weekend to participate in a hackathon . not sure as a co-working space , but great venue .
good service , good food . par with other red robin's we've been to !
beautiful , very well put together ! spend your money on mystere and you won't be let down .
trout sandwich is awesome . quick service . a small amount of outdoor seating .
not very good pizza for the price . i try to support local biz but this one's not my favorite .
it is all grease and salt . no fish , forgot coleslaw , fries not done
great selection of beers and wines . fridays and saturdays with live music . wonderful atmosphere !
great coffee , great atmosphere , and yummy yummy food ! doesn't get any better than lux
had brake pads installed was grossly overcharged . they failed to reset sensors would not recommend
good people here in service . as far as the tires go , we will see how they stand up . decent prices .
i called em . they showed up . reasonable rate . it's a cab right ? done .
ban tang . authentic . pricey . - 1 star . solid .
worst club ive ever been too ! ! not one girl dancing ! its a retirement home ! or worse a cemetery !
love this place , nice ambience and great food . would be nice if there's one in los angeles
great deals on happy hour ... delicious ribs and saki
hidden gem inside the casino - dim sum is soooo good !
killer fish and shrimp burritos and tacos the chipotle sauce is really good and service is fast
really good , authentic mexican food . just wish they served margaritas ! !
bone in ribeye was mediocre ... no taste , tough
foods what you expect . average ambience .
i found the food a little bland . nice decor , good service but food needs work .
steve is amazing ! he had so much energy and kept the kids laughing for an hour . thank you !
love , love , love this place ! clean , fast and super friendly ! customer service is superb ! ! !
so far so good ! had the antioxidant salad and loved it , service was great .
try knotty brunette - ice cold brown ale beer ! the staff was very friendly , always smiling :)
reminds me of a calzone but the variety is much larger . pub , but friendly for dinner or lunch also
3 story h & m ... what more can i say ?
good selection of cocktails and drinks . service is good . come with a group .
great staff ! super friendly and my vision has never been better ! highly recommend lasikplus .
amazing tacos for a great price ! they're daily specials are great and the staff are friendly !
the rudest staff i have ever encountered . would not recommend .
wasn't very pleased but there isn't much colombian food around so i guess this will do .
awesome food , amazing smoothies ( much better than jugo juice ) , great price . awesome staff ! !
this place is great if you want something fast . never had a problem with the food or service .
very helpful small place where my boyfriend found a good straight razor and shaving soap .
this place is amazing , absolute treasure . diamond in the rough .
my favorite hotel - beautiful decor , great food variety , great rooms ! cust svce is outstanding ! !
unbelievable service & fantastic food ! ! ! one of my favorite sushi places i have ever eaten
love this place ! super flavorful and reasonable . we normally do take out . a must try ...
i want to swim in their biscuits and rosemary butter for the rest of my life .
shit , i accidentally wrote this review for the wrong business . here are 5 stars , carry on .
average pho and slow service brought down the rating . on a positive note ... great spring rolls .
terrible service - terrible food ! i would highly recommend spending your money somewhere else .
very outdone with their chicken pecan sandwich . it was mostly bread than anything else .
the staff and facilities are the best i have seen in a long time ! ! ! i love this place ! ! !
awful customer service . not worth the slight savings .
great service , friendly , frozen yogurt is great especially in this heat ! worth the stop
the andez sandwich was the best i have ever had . the cotu de rhone was really good too
hidden gem one of the best chinese spots in town better then pf changs in quality and value .
this is a nice doughnut shop . the staff is friendly enough and the doughnuts are really good .
cheaper than other locations , clean and near the bakery for coffee . i like this place .
great service , great food .. my girl wasn't into thai food , but after taking her here , she loves it .
great restaurant with a friendly staff and a great terrassa you have to try the flaming cheese
had the chicken tacos . a little bland but over all pretty good . the sauces are delicious !
good food just like pita plus in miami.the owner very helpful.its fast food .
this is my favorite asian food spot downtown . get the hibachi chicken !
great food . reasonably priced . good atmosphere . jazz was good but a bit loud . would recommend !
had a great burger today ... steak skewers were prefect ... great staff .. can't go wrong ! ! !
great job ! brad was very knowledgeable , good preice , no pressure ! no more bugs ! !
great time at pirata . excellent cocktail options . suggest the dark and stormy made to your taste .
gelato and jimmy choos just steps away from each other . gotta love it .
i love this place ! ! great food ! great service ! i got the pernil saadi and it was heavenly !
i for sure found my new mechanic ! ! this time chris worked on my car . wow . such a deal . 5 stars .
john and luke are very helpful and knowledgeable . john has been my agent for over num years .
ariel was awesome ! the rainbow sliders were so good ! seat quick and the food came quick .
great food at affordable prices . what you expext from a strip mall chinese resturant .
great patio ! cold beer ! best pizza in town ! ! !
hole in the wall , dirty & dated but great food and service !
food was good . price is cheap . service was great . i enjoyed my experience here no complaints
great food ! reasonably priced ! and good ambiance . would highly recommend it as a cute date spot !
great chicken fingers . really nice people . relaxed atmosphere . high quality food . :)
kid friendly environment definitely give them a call if your in need of a long term dentist !
excellent food . they have several gluten free options ... such as potato / chana curry ... yum
awesome grocery store !
great selection of beers , good food and plenty of smiles from the staff . oh and good prices too !
good chili and a nice fast food restaurant
good spicy pork taco and lengua.open late night . avocado cream sauce delicious .
you need to trust me here . try the pulled pork sandwich . one of the best in the valley !
favorite thai place in town ! i love going here . always delicious and the back patio is adorable !
definitely not a fan . the music is pretty lame and i don't like the attitude of the staff .
very fun place , the chips are amazing , burger was divine !
outstanding ! ! ! food abc service great ! ! ! best place in town ! ! ! seriously good and accommodating !
i can't wait to come visit arizona again so i can get the el diablo dish ! ! awesome ! ! !
my favorite robertos in all of vegas ... always clean , always fresh and friendly ! ! !
awesome customer service , dr . k knows his stuff . will definitely be coming back , num for sure
best sub shop in vegas .. i get the bobbi ..
awesome church ! whoever does the video production is a genius .
love coming here for the strawberry , banana , dark chocolate crepe ! very good !
all you can eat salad . but i like my own dressing ... there ranch . just isn't right .
i love that this place is fast , easy and affordable . i like that they serve gluten free pasta .
great pizza place .. simple and easy .. plaza has some great places to eat ... best downtown
easy to navigate .
great casual atmosphere . brisket and wings where perfect good place to watch a game . nice big bar .
home of the defcon convention . good facilities and great memories of this place .
it's one of my best bakery ever . highly recommend . fresh delicious hot from the oven
fabulous . incredible falafel . wonderful pasta . visiting from san francisco and highly recommend .
great ! ! wow , the worlds best hot dog and great service ! !
solid place for breakfast standards . nothing extraordinary , but decent & prices can't be beat .
one of the best prime rib you can get in lv . juicy . tender . delicious . cooked your way .
mean lunch buffet . the place is not fancy . for a buffet , the food is really good .
juddi and the staff are awesome ! ! always bring any of my vehicles in for maintenance work ! !
try the torta cubana - best i've ever had . carne asada tacos too . the rest is meh .
excellent food , efficient and friendly staff . the lunch buffet is to die for !
ain't much to look at , but the dogs are exactly what a hot dog lover will love .
the tequila chicken is amazing ! they also have 2 happy hours each day with great appetizer deals .
one of my favorite places to go . atmosphere , food , and the people are the best part .
best breakfasts ever ! gluten free pancakes , friendly staff , always a treat to eat here !
repeat : likley
francis ( the bartender ) was super rude after i paid $ num to even go on the high roller ...
chipotle philly cheesesteak !
lisa did a great job ! i got a gel mani and pedicure and they look awesome good prices too !
seriously , though . it's $ num for a basic-ass num - inch cheese pizza .
awesome spot to grab lunch ! i got a gyro and greek fries and everything was delicious !
a little pricey for its value
plenty of food to choose from there . if you are going to go i would suggest at dinnertime .
favorite sushi in leslieville ! fresh and good quality ingredients . great service as well !
one of our server , amy was very helpful & nice . we loved our food ; salmon teriyaki & salmon salad .
amazing . came from san diego and tasted amazing ! defiantly stopping here next time i'm in town .
this place is amazing the shrimp and chicken with mint leaves is really and so are the wontons .
food good , waiter a idiot ! ! ! hostess at the door a pet rock !
best meditation experience to date . spent two sessions in their hanging silks . a must try .
my sister and i went together for similar tattoos . we saw jason . he did a fantastic job !
horrible , ordered the waffle and it was raw and the strawberries were brown with the stem still on
loves it ! extra star for the amazing dome-sky / clouds and lighting .
excellent fare . enjoyed the steak !
pricey and marginal . great marketing to get customers , but poor delivery on final product .
this is like the num time this location has forgotten my large fry but charged me for it . annoyed
awesome ! great selection and fun atmosphere . i come here all the time . keep up the good work !
i had the sweet chilli chicken burrito , great bang for your buck if you are hungry !
fantastic happy hour . all of the apps were great and well priced
awesome scones . i go to starbucks or the merc for coffee , and get my baked goods at brick st .
fast service and friendly staff . the staff is always smiling and food always arrives fast !
great price for a really professional cut . excellent service .
best park in the city . i do wish they had more entertainment acts during the summer months .
great place to run through , get a coffee or tea ... on your way out to enjoy a night on the town !
all foods were way too salty , not so fresh , and the service was slow .
excellent service ! i'm glad i tried this place out . the veggie pizza and cannoli is really good
the dark rice tastes especially good ! while the cocktail is so-so
ate here 3 nights in a row while staying at the bellagio . very great service and food .
ambience was fantastic . food was average . service was excellent . would try it a second time .
the foot and body massage were definitely worth it ! take a pass on the facial .
oh how i miss this place . food is always awesome and they finally have pretzel bread .
i love this place ... they are so nice , and helpful ... the product is great ...
the happy hour is great here love the bbq flat bread pizza
best red velvet cupcakes ever . enough said .
i hate them too - i am trying only to fly virgin america ! those people kick ass .
this place is very beautiful hightly recommend and it has all that you need for have fun
best chicken shawarma sandwich i've had in toronto .
awesome pizzas . get the jumbojack or the bbq chicken . you can taste the fresh ingredients .
best buffet in vegas , hands down . dinner is better than lunch - - more selection . enjoy !
great service and amazing donuts ! you have to try the homages breakfast cresant it's amazing !
shrimp tacos are out of this world ! ! ! so fresh and tasty . the horchata is great also !
the finest place ever . nice drinks especially for mango yoghurt twist made by a blue hair guy .
the wait staff is so friendly . scott is def my favorite ! food and ambiance are amazing as we
i tried there gyro with fries for the first time . very good . the cucumber sauce was great .
great sushi place . sushi chef jun is awesome . i will definitely come back .
staff is friendly , food is good .. great place overall and best of all , near my house ! ! lol
fast and clean . the mongolian beef has a good flavor but the texture is very rubbery . :(
excellent place to get a taste of the cuban food ! ! !
great veggie options . desserts are a must !
have eaten here twice , tons of choices everything tasted fine , good price , recommend it .
you're friendly neighborhood punk bar now complete with claw machines ! dive on in and stay awhile !
great pinot , good lamb , but lame atmosphere .
the only place to eat mexican in shampoo-banana .
a hidden gem ! we loved the beef and lamb broths . both had so much flavor . definitely coming back !
what a great find ! perfect unique gifts for the season , great atmosphere and delicious meal .
great cigar shop in cen pho , friendly service big selection always have my favorites .
thank you ! !
great dinner ! can't go wrong with the crab cake dinner and patricia behind the bar was excellent .
dr . logan is by far the best ! he has done an amazing job during my pregnancy .
my favorite sports bar on the strip . love the staff ! everyone is friendly and attentive !
the food sucks . place smells like a garbage disposal . do yourself a favor and go somewhere else .
love the place very friendly , and the food is awesome . if you have it delivered the is only num he .
flamingo and num is a great location ! they stay open late and the service is awesome !
i love mellow mushroom ! great decor cute little place .
i've heard toto's africa twice in an hour . decent tacos but this injustice shall not stand .
first time , all dishes were great , fried pork chop , marinated raw crab , and tofu soup
i like this place . food is good . service is ok . atmosphere is ok .
this place has great service .. yummy breakfast .. and a kick back atmosphere . i love it here !
this showmars have the best lemon pepper chicken in the ctl area really love this place
i love the staff and the food ! they are always super nice and the food is ready in a timely manner .
everything i wanted out of my iphone got a free case n discount on charger
thanks ozzy for that wonderful service ! !
had a maple bacon bar for lunch and i am a fan ... will be back to try other flavors ...
love this ! i never get tired of watching the water . so pretty and reminds me of ocean's num .
yummy , best way to start a day ! organic and tasty food , nice place to be .
there are way better ann taylors in the world .
this place have really good noodle and sashimi is really fresh . over all is a nice place .
you get 4 stars for your fig , prosciutto and arugula pizza . cheers
hands down best chinese chicken wings in charlotte . their buffalo sauce is just amazing .
a bit pricey but very good quality by toronto standards .
loved the vanilla caramel almond ! takes cash only - but there is an atm inside for $ num
fresh , original , delicious . soon it will be impossible to get a table here ... so go now !
wonderful food and great customer service . so glad we tried this place ! will be back !
quick carribean comfort food . extremely good food for their special price . amazing coleslaw .
amazing food ! the drinks were nice and strong . it's too loud-turn down the music ! ! !
good staff , very relaxing massage . accomodated pary of num
best breakfast in the west valley ! ! ! delicious generous portions for very reasonable prices .
spicy garlic was amazing . great meat without a lot of fat . and the broth was full of flavor .
this place is great ! fresh healthy juices on the go and everyone is always so nice when i go there .
great dog park ! and always some hotties ...
bruyant et chaleureux , service rapide , petit tapas disponibles , grands fenetres , petite terrasse .
had a good experience ... they take double coupons ... order was accurate and the food was plenty ! !
location is good and convenient , right on the strip . entrance is grand but the rooms are average .
enough said !
recommend james bucci for any sofa needs ! very helpful , quick and not pushy . great experience !
good food , staff and bar . excellent for date night .
num % off will yelp !
beautiful spot , tasty / local eats , and great hearted people .
yum ! ! ! my first time . clean place , quick and pleasant service . loved the tonkatsu black .
tried the stuff mushroom hot dog it was heavenly , that's a real hot dog . great customer service
this place is so much fun ! and they have sex trivia saturday nights . can't beat that !
the best , softest bagels . i love these when they are fresh out of the oven ... mmmm .
for a chinese buffet , this was the best one i came to so far ... very good and fresh tasting food .
great idea they're using a great product havana flip flop . also offered at pretty good prices .
great salon . i lucked out getting a quality salon right down the street from my apartment .
love this place ! a delicious beer to help calm the nerves and make everything more happy !
worst mexican food i've ever had . seriously , do not waste your money here . you are welcome ! !
wow ! i called in for a breakfast burrito only , and the girl says its a num minute wait ... really ! ! !
i really love braddah's the one near unlv cooks a little better but it's still delicioso !
enough said .
genuine employees , tasty food , relaxing reggae music , great drink prices and the best vibes .
i love this place . friendly staff , great coffee and their food is amazing .
i recommend the ham & cheese . it cures the munchies . that's it .
food is not bad for the price . good place to go for thai food and for cheap . it's hard to find .
ive used heldt luber many times in the past . great service and never a problem !
she's a best hairstylist
this place is awesome . super comfortable for locals . definitely drop in if you get a chance !
you need to try the # 1 , it's amazing ! make it a combo w / the honeydew smoothie , add boba .
great beer . great staff . nikki is so sweet ! what more could you want from a brewery !
my np was awesome listened to all of my questions and gave great feedback !
service has been very good lately and the food is well prepared . great menu and beer selection .
best . bubble . tea . place . eva . highly recommended ! ! !
love this place . henry gives the best pedicures ever and it's always very clean .
i'd like to give num stars if it would be possible . funny people , good prices and awesome music .
awesome lunch menu . very friendly service . thier curries rock ! ! !
the good was very tasty and staff was nice and kept checking in on us ! i will be back
the inside decorations make the place feels relaxing . the latte was great . would come back .
hibachi was one of the best i've had ! and plenty of sushi selections , and the atmosphere was great !
food are too salty . they served us with a wrong drink . we will never coming back here again !
great job on the drive thru today . order accuracy perfect , good speed , courteous staff .
beautiful hotel , gorgeous room . and very clean and fast room service !
unbelievable bbq . their fixin's are really good too . expect some crowds for lunch .
i loved the bacon and maple syrup poutine !
earl grey ice cream and okonomiyaki . what a treat .
crappy service and meh food - the garlic fries were good . many more places to go instead .
great oysters ! always had great service in bar and dining room . love the food , especially the fish .
great value for money . delicious sandwiches every time .
always good food and usually fantastic service . happy hour is the best time to go . we go often .
linda and marvin are wonderful . i look forward to picking up my mail and seeing them each week !
best takeout on the east side . nothing fancy but solid and reliable .
amazing staff ! great food . usually go to the location in las vegas but this place is just as great .
good food . loved the truffle edemame . just don't sit in a booth . the backs move .
yum , great food and flavors . service was quick had the sugarcane app , pad thai and kungpao .
the other restaurants nearby were closed so we came here . deeply disappointed by the food .
kind , warm hearted , and professional . great place !
my go to restaurant for special occasions ! ! the view is awesome and the food is always excellent .
staff and service is great , wine is on point and food is delicious . i love their pizza .
great thai food . ate twice . authentic .
best kbbq in arizona hands down . good quality meat , nice workers , and actual korean staff .
wings were great , fries are tasty & the drinks are good too ! they have poker tournaments here .
amazing yogurt . great grand opening . employees well trained . very clean
asian pear martini , it doesn't get better ! we love the hummus sampler , too !
good selection and even during the crazy lunch rush they get you in and out ...
wonderful experience ! pizza and salads are very delicious ! desert is also great !
the store is brand new and beautiful ! i've done the clicklist pickup twice and it is a life saver ! !
a true sports bar with plenty of character ; i would recommend this place to anyone .
aloha ! ! !
seasame chicken is tasty but needs more sauce . a little dry .
i must say this is true szechuan the flavors textures the combination of different peppers
chicago brew pub is here . how do they change all those lights ? are those bulbs even made anymore ?
great low seats at the bar . drink and food specials . friendly bartender !
delivery guy anthony byers is very helpful personable & friendly also great tasting water ! ! !
overpriced but a fun place to meet , snack and watch sports . good beer selection .
the best menudo so delicious ; everything is perfect ; good flavor ; clean place and friendly people
super cute coffee shop with friendly baristas . try the espresso spritzer ; refreshing and delicious !
good music ! good times ... just hate the waiting for the elvator it gets tight in there !
food was ok do not go with more than six people because they will tax you num % tip not cool
stop by and tast best chicken wings i ever had mmmmm ! ! !
worst sandwich place . weird sandwiches . doesn't taste good at all . i suggest not to go here
5 stars . great food with great staff . out of the way but you gotta stop in for great bbq ...
we enjoyed and we will come again .
visited bahamas bucks based on reviews listed on yelp . the place was crazy busy , but worth it !
delicious donuts ! blueberry donut is my fav ! and if you pay with cash they don't charge you tax .
this place is great , beef bulgogi is amazing , just wish it had some more meat .
loved this place ! can't wait to come back ! food is great ! cute and cozy ! sangria was good ! !
yummy ... nice thin crust , homemade mozzarella , and close to home ! what more can you ask for ?
what you need to know : they make a killer poutine . ask for the peppercorn gravy .
dr . rose is our beloved family dentist ! he is truly the best in cleveland ! we highly recommend him !
sangria and lamb chops at num a . m . in the morning , baby .
prices are reasonable , considering that it's japanese food . the food is really good .
this tiny little donut shop is the best !
the best windshield installed and repair in east mesa cheap n affordable i recommend them to anyone
add cream & sugar to make it even better ! ! !
love this place ! avocado fries are to die for and breakfast pizza and burrito were amazing !
been here for a few times . like the crowd , and the separated design .
pepperoni magnifico . that is all you need to know before ordering .
rude staff .. i just called to make an appointment and the receptionist is a rude lady .
if you like bowling and saving money , then come here . food and drinks are also relatively cheap .
went with my wife for just dessert . had one of the best tiramisu . live music was great . bit pricey .
the best pizza in ahwatukee ! never a disappointment in num yrs ! val runs an excellent restaurant !
i got on vegas at num hungry as fuck and this place saved me and my friends , good one !
slow service , expensive but good sushi . the angel roll ( desert ) was awesome .
good stuff !
heaven in a bowl , wrap or cup ! i'm so happy they opened a new chandler location . healthy and fast !
great food highly recommended . had the steak and was well done . perfectly seasoned . will come back
i do all my banking and dsfcu .
poor service and bad food . it wasn't what you would think . there are way better places !
great pho . friendly , accommodating , and clean space in which to enjoy your meal .
the best of the best . beautiful hotel , artfully done , next door to the finest shops in the world
this is my new favorite thai in las vegas ! ! pad see ew , pad thai and massaman curry are delicious !
i love being able order through yelp for a quick pick up . their pad thai is always a must
been going here for years . stop by whenever we get to sun prairie . best thin crust pizza .
chez cora ... because sometimes you want an american-sized meal in montreal . _c $
macdonald halt
they got my speeding ticket downgraded to a non moving violation . quick , easy and cheap .
it's expensive but worth the money . don't necessarily like the owner , but the food is great !
my first dissapointing meal there , whats going on never seen it so empty , must have new chef .
i love going here , and looking at the flamingos !
solid duck confit salad and bread
best pizza place in vegas ! open late hours and the food is absolutely amazing every single time .
really old school . breakfast was good and the service was awesome ! my wife and i will be back .
i've loved this place for years ! i recommend the number 3 arepa with yuca fries . delicious .
fantastic shrimp tacos and churros ! very authentic and low cost . nice staff . beautiful sunset .
food and service are great ! a hidden gem of charlotte .
sue did an amazing job on my cake ! it was delicious and beautiful !
this place is a diamond in the ruff . save room for dessert .
very cool place to drink some good coffee ! :)
legit mexican at a crazy cheap price . yum .
food was amazing . empanadas , sausage and a monte cristo . so good !
i can't think of a better sushi on the west side . merest sushi . great presentation . underrated .
the food is good but not amazing . service was good and atmosphere too . a little greasy
lots of fun and staff very courteous and very well organized . great time .
best boutique in lawrenceville ! the owner has a great eye . i love my delphine kimono !
the staff here is incredibly friendly and helpful ! i love charlene !
fantastic pizza - great vegetarian options . wonderful !
cute new little breakfast place , friendly staff , fast service , & tasty food . will be back !
well worth the $ num vehicle fee , beautiful scenery , i wish we had more time to spend there .
great service , awesome old school atmosphere , and of course awesome prime rib ! !
great place to dine bit pricy - 1 star little high price rest every thing great
really good carne asada tacos and their salsa was good too . will definately be back !
small place , fast service and amazing food
this is not a review but fyi ... this place is for rent . closed . drove all the way here for nothing
the food is fresh and authentic . i tried falafel and stuffed grape leaves which were very tasty .
best indian food in phoenix by far . get the chicken saag !
the only record store in vegas left that i will shop at now that big b's cds & records - closed !
good food and great customer service ! will be back !
word on the street is that south central is the best station in the valley .
this hotel is getting old , but i really feel like they keep investing to keep it modern .
i love going to their auctions and winning a bid - like christmas !
the sushi was good
great service ! a little bit of a limited menu , but a beautiful place to have a quiet dinner .
nice atmosphere , good for romance or business . food was good , would go back again .
chinese food is nice . thai food not so much . service is good , prices good , quantity good .
great food , good value , friendly , helpful people .
superb food and service ! happy atmosphere and busy on a friday night . worth it though !
quick stop for lunch . delicious and affordable . friendly staff . new fav place for a burger .
so happy this place is open ! great local neighborhood spot ! food is delicious and love the vibe .
delicious sushi . tried the spiderman roll and tango roll . don't get the veggie tempura .
salad
prompt , professional , courteous and clean ! amazing work - so happy to recommend this company !
best place in town for beef noodle soup , pass on the beef wrap beef was tough
fantastic barber shop . great services . cut my hair exactly as i wanted . will return frequently .
billie is the best ! always fun to talk to . beer is never empty . always sit at the bar .
victor was the best ... friendly , professional , courteous . you need tires , he will help .
best pizza in town by far ! i love the great quality of service and the perfect portion pizza
pretty bomb ! 2 slices and a large drink for 5 $ not bad . great pizza ... check it out brahz
amazing breakfast burritos ! heat up so well the next day , go here at least once a week !
nothing exciting here . beer and cocktails are average . won't be back .
i refer lots of patient to dr patel and everyone absolutely loves him !
brilliant ! great seafood , friendly staff and good service . very tasty . highly recommended .
great great service , i'm always at this starbucks and my mango black tea is always on point l !
so much fun at bare summer time gets pretty crazy got to love it though !
all dishes are absolutely delicious . most memorably , try the coconut tapioca dessert . fantastic !
one of my wifes and my favorite breakfast joints . you have to try the cilantro jalapeno sauce .
try the restaurants next door instead ...
woohoo , this place is really good . a little spendy but you will not leave hungry .
very huge beer selection , plenty of room , outdoor sidewalk seating , very good burgers and bbq .
had a doggie door put in . ken came right on time and did a great job ! ! ! would recommend .
always a good time and place to go to after first fridays or casual business meetings !
delicious dim sum ! ! ! i've been looking for a good dim sum in lv , and i finally found it !
servers make it a pleasant dining experience
quick service , amazing coffee , nice vibe .
located in a gas station . food was good . priced a bit higher then other mexican fast food chains .
this place fills the void for good mexican in the south hills . great food good service
thoroughly impressed . taken a long time to finally find somewhere i like ! think this is it .
birthday dinner for my good friend melissa chupa ... happy birthday ! ! !
always a fun place to go to for a pizza cookie , salad , pizza , etc . friendly service too .
service lent mais sympathique . cuisine correct .
it's cheap and it's a filipino buffet ! ! ! place is kind of scary though as hobos walk around .
what an amazing facility , instructors are fabulous . the spin bikes are the best i've ever ridden .
first honest auto mechanic i've been to . very fair and good customer service .
rain outside = rain inside . update the website for the group exercises when you have cancellations .
fast and nice service . great place to grab food for lunch after school .
the food is delicious ! one of my favs is the leek crepe . the service is a little lacking though .
poor customer service primarily by management . food is good num % of the time .
i've been for lunch a few times and the service and food has been good . i will continue to go .
i loved all the rolls and salads i ordered here . i will def go back next time i'm in town !
nice place to enjoy some peace and quiet . lots to chose for kids and toys too - collectables .
the iced hazelnut macchiato was excellent . fast service and friendly .
vara is an excellent groomer ! always knows how i my shitzu to look ! highly recommend !
very clean and modern , great pedicure with soap flower petals . a nail bar too . cute !
cheap in every aspect except the cost ! will never return . bleh .
atmosphere was excellent , food was fast , hot , and delicious . saki hit the spot . highly recommended
did carryout and the food was great ... glad to see in tempe !
best gluten free chocolate chip cookie i've ever tried ! ! ! and love the atm-like machine out front
i truly enjoyed spending time here . had a blast playing giant jenga !
i seriously fall in love with how cute the place is decorated & my tea is always delicious ! ! !
great hotel in montreal that is centrally located with a lovely restaurant with outstanding food !
great food excellent price and you will leave with a doggy bag . best peruvian food in charlotte .
cale is awesome ! ! ! ... raspberry lemon drops are sooooooooooo amazing ! ! !
nice atmosphere , good food , terrible service .
dr . ben butler and dr . nelson butler are the best in the business ! i highly recommend them .
not too far from my work . average sushi with abundant selection of hand rolls .
chat and her staff are 5 stars ! ! ! best service ever . they do men women and children . wow ! !
best costumer service ever , great food great people num would recommend ! paco es mi mejor amigo
love this place ! best patio when its not hot lol ! the staff very helpful and the foods on point !
cool little hang out ...
love this place ! uber-posh ambiance and half price bottles of wine every thursday !
rip off . that is all .
the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting . after walking into this we decided not to eat here
good beer . interesting pizza . solid choice .
great authentic uzbekistan food ! we will be back again for sure !
love the johnny # 2 roll
it's good fast food . chicken minis are great for breakfast but need more then 4 to feel full .
julie did a great job with the opi gel products . this is my new nail ' place . '
$ num lunch specials that include soup , salad and dessert ! i had the pad thai ! so delicious ! ! !
great juice , great staff , & great prices . highly recommend this shop ! !
excellent workmanship . i'll definitely come back . go see jason , he's knowledgeable and patient .
love this bookstore ! great events , great people , great books ... it has my heart .
love this place ! ! best cheesesteak ever !
great food - great service . love the new asada lunch - my new fav ! !
poor service and there was a fly buzzing around in the display case that housed the bagels .
this company is reliable and offers excellent service . highly recommend them !
excellent service . ask for becca , she will take great care to ensure an excellent stay .
economy towing was awesome , came to my rescue in no time flat . a +
ffffffffffantastic !
good food , very upscale and ambiance . i had fish tacos and would give 2 thumbs up ...
great coffee and warm atmosphere ! nice community centered find in ambridge , i'm a regular .
frank and al are great . my jeep keeps going after num miles thanks to them .
overpriced , small portions . there's far better food for the same price range .
food ! if u like mexican , this is about the best in the burgh . if u come here , ask for edgar !
just plain delicious ! those biscuits were on point and the catfish was seasoned to perfection .
server was awesome . nice outside seating . turkey bacon avocado melt was best i have ever had .
love me some nikki ! definitely a real hair slayer and a pleasant person to get styled by !
i tried it again . great food , love their beef and chicken .
delicious food . reasonable prices . attentive staff . great atmosphere . my whole party loved it !
super clean car and quick efficient service . nothing but compliments for this great car wash .
great hotel for my first anniversary . rooms are big and love the floor to ceiling windows .
wish i knew this place was closing . rode up . no longer there . and i was just here sunday .
love the people ... bring your baby here ! ! ! they are kind , friendly and knowledgeable .
i love this place . i've always had great food and service ! the happy hour is killer ! ! !
great food nice people way better than jersey mikes next door ! ! !
good clean location loved that it had the dryer / blower ! will definitely be going back !
amazing ! great food , great concept ! we kept going back !
absolutely amazing lunch ! off menu items make an exciting , delicious and legit dine in experience !
amazing great job . 3 stories high with very heavy furniture in hot heat ... definitely worth it
prime rib here is by far the best ! ! ! it melts in your mouth .
decent food but nothing special , decent prices . good place to eat late at night when youre drunk
amazing ! we tried many different things and every single thing was delicious ! must go !
great place to get your car fixed they put in a new battery for me nice and easy friendly staff
my kids who are under num loved this place . i also got learn about the heart while having fun .
steak wasn't properly cooked , service was good
nettes cafe . ich hatte einen cappuchino . war lecker und prima . freundliches personal .
this is the best burger king i have gone to . i visit this location once every couple months .
warm , homey neighborhood gem . attentive service , music nightly .
excellent options . fresh , delicious food . cheap and quick . authentic mediterranean music and decor .
hands down , the best gyros in lakewood ! !
so good ! ! ! the service is wonderful . spadina is the best !
best place for your weekend needs !
chocolate overload . it is chocolate fondue heaven . so yummy it's crazy
awesome experience in shopping i use the entertainment book and the savings are great
the best huevo ranchero i've ever had ! !
the very best smoked meat and corned beef anywhere . who needs ny , la , cleveland or ann arbor ? !
mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm potatoes deep fried and flavored any way you want ! ! !
one of my favorite breakfast and lunch places ! ! so many options amd everything is delicious ! !
phenomenal customer service ! best experience in charlotte ! food incredible ! hope that sums it up !
love the pizza ... staff is amazing , friendly and courteous ! ! can't wait to come back :-) :-) :-)
did a great job extremely large job reasonable hard-working and ground down a bunch of tree stumps
lots of good beer and awesome food . next time i visit charlotte i am definitely going back .
nice & fancy restaurant , expensive , but not impressive menu , num service , not coming back
their in house root beer is pretty good too
excellent food with some nice gluten-free options , nice ciders on tap and really friendly staff .
i would wait for deep dish as thin crust is just a-ok .
yummmm .. the absolute best vegan joint in phoenix ! even people who aren't vegan will like it .
$ num , not bad at all !
love the light rail ! now i can drink and not have to pay for a cab !
best viet subs in brampton for only 3 dollars it's a hidden jem . great spot to just pick up
very good berry pancakes and the bacon wasn't too beaten with pepper like other breakfast places .
we love taking our dog boss to this park because it is shady and the people are very nice .
great prices and most of the time i have asked for advice i have gotten some really solid answers .
edm + japanese curry = genius idk it's the spicy curry that got me sweatin ' or the molly !
i love it ! bomb coffee ... cheap and fast as hell !
this goodwill has a very good clothing selection . ive also found good furniture and houseware .
great donuts , love the varieties available .
unpretentious good food , fairly priced . complimentary chips + salsa . very clean restrooms .
guest chef prepared a four course meal and it was very good . the bar is a hot spot at night .
delicious burgers ! quality meat and delicious fries ! you don't need all that swill on your burger !
decent pricing , food was very good . spicy chicken had a nice bite without being screaming hot
ice capps taste bad . bagels are never toasted . manager is rude . not a good experience .
looks like it would be a great place to hang out at . not a good restaurant . horrible food .
our guide , bette , was wonderful . great photo ops , and learned a lot about vegas history .
our good friends favorite place , half way across town and the service is horrible . ...
when i received an arrangement from this place it looked like a bunch of weeds . very amateurish .
quick and easy to rent a car even on a holiday .
amazing food and great drink deals . a must for every phoenician .
finally found a salon i can stick with . lin took her time and made sure my nails are what i wanted .
always consistent and always good . not to mention a very nice host and good service as well .
by far one of the best hot dogs i've ever tasted , love the buns , really yummy ...
eric ayala is the man for old school traditional , love him !
inventive and traditional street tacos are delicious . great service - fun atmosphere .
loses 2 stars for cramped seating arrangements and their slow service ! :(
the food here is awesome but the wait staff are unfriendly and extremely disorganized
food was good . coffee was delicious ! ! place gets pretty packed . but staff were all friendly .
i love sunchain ! the staff is so friendly and helpful and prices are very reasonable !
this place has kokanee beer on tap ! ! ! if you are from the northwest this is good news !
for those of us who like good clothing but aren't willing to debase ourselves at last chance .
great booze , great bartenders , fun atmosphere and tasty snacks ! a must stop in dt phoenix .
michelle for full sets and lani for pedis ! best combo ! !
i really like this place . good consistent dishes and the seafood always hits the spot !
first time customer loved the spray tan it looks so natural will definitely be returning
very unsatisfied with customer service . rude , unhelpful , and inconsiderate . will never go to again .
nice atmosphere and good service !
heads up : maui grille closed last month due to the economy .
tastey and fresh and healthy ingredients . pride of ownership by the proprietor shows .
one hour of pure massage bliss ! i feel reborn like the phoenix . highly recommended + + +
amazing & authentic curry dishes , you get enough food for two or three servings at a great price !
smallest portions ever and more expensive than burrito boys . sighs . wasted num dollars
great place to buy a cruiser . local business and i'm happy to support them . love my fat tire bike
simply excellent on every count ... quality , variety , service , portion , vibe ... bravo ! ! !
love this bar . quiet little joint lots of tv's
fantastic wine at great prices and the food is even better ! love the gluten free options too .
this one's very cold no warm hotel qi didn't sleep worth office law , service life phase is bad
friendly service and lots of vegetarian choices . i would go back if i lived in champaign .
have been coming here for just over 5 years now . always friendly staff and great vets .
i have contacted channel num news to investigate this company .
great decor .
for wonderful fish dishes this intimate resturant can't be beaten yummy !
my wife was very happy with her new look . even though i felt that it was a little pricey .
a little bit pricy based on its quality . the food is ok but their dessert tastes really wired .
the parent waiting area is a little not organized , the restroom , too ...
love this store 2 pairs of glasses num bucks service fast and swesome . glasses back in hrs .
the hop knot ipa is an amazing beer - even if you're not a big fan of ipas .
great food and great service . the filet mignon and salted caramel pudding was worth it .
num months after being abroad , i always come back to jenny ! great price and even better results !
hey if its good enough for mick jagger it should be good enough for the rest of us .
guacamole burger was juicy ! lots of tvs .
the drinks and food were great . the pretzel and cheese fondue was amazing .
we are locals here and frequent gvr alot . terrible food at this cafe . service is so so .
this no longer exists it has been replaced by omega coney island .
never try the smoothie . worst one i ever have with full of water , sense of yogurt and bit of berry .
best green chile tacos ever . limeade in a mason jar made it perfect . good service & good salsa .
if you go veggie , pick a dish where the tofu is fried in the wok , not steamed . so much better .
first time here burger , fries and orange faygo were great and the staff was friendly .
i guess there is a reason these guys had to surrender their license ...
had " the bomb " chicken sandwich it was so good and i don't like subs but this was amazing !
love this place , we need to make a deposit employees were friendly and had a positive attitude
this location is closed .
what an amazing time ! ! ! this track was great ! ! can't wait to come back and do it again !
first let me say the sandwiches are amazing ! i've only had 2 so far on 2 separate visits .
good but not great . a bit icy . i like a creamier version .
i've had great luck with wells fargo and this location has always been good to me .
i paid $ num for a small burger.way overpriced and over hyped .
the best chinese food in las vegas , by far
best gay bar in vegas if you like men .
great pharmacy , affordable prescription drugs . personnel are very helpful and pleasant
good beers on tap and very good service . lot's of food for the price
great local spot . cozy . inviting staff . hot , strong coffee . what more could you ask for ?
i love fame , beat oatmeal around ! their quiche is my second favorite , coffee great too !
i had a delicious tuna melt and the mixed berry smoothie . it came with a so-so hummus .
slow service , cold greasy food ... no thanks ... not again !
this place is great . ! house of brews was closed . went here on a whim ... best ever ! ! !
absolutely outstanding ! ! best mexican food we have ever had , and we've had a lot ! !
horrible service waiters waitresses in lala land . from start to finish wrong from order to desert
great crepes at affordable prices , nestled in a nice part of ohio city .
fast friendly service ! got a battery for my husbands truck ! would definitely return !
kim chi was outstanding ! watch out though . the portions are huge . you will leave stuffed !
sandwich was good , condiments ? yeah its got a lot of it on there . pickles good but lacked punch .
great sandwich and great prices . these guys stay open late and have better sandwiches then subway .
4 years later , this place is still terrible . why my mom likes to go here , ill never understand .
and i've been in a lot of them !
best mediterranean food in downtown pittsburgh ! great people inside too , very friendly .
let me just say , " breakfast saved the stay . "
great sushi restaurant off the strip . prices are reasonable . i will return next time i visit vegas .
great food and service . steak cooked perfectly . overpriced food and wine but always consistent .
they do a fantastic job ! if you want a deep clean , do not go anywhere else !
what to say ! starbucks is starbucks always great the muffins and free wifi ;) !
this place sucks they can't get an order right 2 times in a row and overcharged me for my meal .
meditation while floating in the hammock is quite amazing experience , it's all i can say
great customer service . great same coffee . love to go here after work to get my frappuccino :)
lovely big open green space . it gets quite sticky with people on a hot summers day !
this is the worst food i have ever put into my body i wish i could give it num stars just yuck !
good food , good wine , good service . old school italian fair , with an old school atmosphere .
pretty good ! the steak fajitas are to die for ... lol the staff was great during lunch .
quick , easy , yummy takeout . try the veggie lo mein ...
its a nice place to shop for daily needs , snacks like candy beverages or photos and pharmacy
poor food . poor customer service . terrible ! ! ! don't waste your money ! ! !
nice waiter and good is really good ! ! ! would come here regularly if i lived in montreal .
delicious donut shop , probably the best blueberry donut i've ever had . quick and very inexpensive !
cleanliness num total 5 rounded up
great place but long line but worth it when younger in . highly recommend if your in the area
horrible service and way too expensive . not worth it ! ! ! we left hungry after the meal .
poor staff and i found nicer ... better fitting jeans else where
best donuts in goodyear ! they have a sister location in buckeye . best donuts on the west side .
they glued a business card to the car window and we cannot get it off now . wow ! ! !
awesome burgers , and some of the best fries ever . it's as simple as that , go try it for yourself .
friendly , easy , fun ! ! go enjoy the water sports ! !
great food , fast and friendly service . this place is a great , quick and somewhat healthy lunch .
awesome ! ! ! fast servise , the lobster tacos are jummy ! ! ! annisa the server is so sweet an kind ! !
good location , comfortable lobby , clean rooms , amazing staff .
good customer service , front counter lady help me i'll recommended to my family and friends .
amazing ! if you like sweet , want organic products and the best ~ look no more !
food was great ! atmosphere was nice along with our server ! will defiantly be coming back ! !
2 words ... long lines !
appalling service and cleanliness for a new location . they will be lucky if they make it .
cool spot for lunch outside on the strip with a great view , large portions so bring your appetite !
cami is wonderful had my hair cut and eyebrows waxed priced well and very good at what she doses .
mad busy at lunch .. more relaxed at night ! good selection of beer and pleasant staff
food is nice , the service is good , but the music is a little bit too loud . the hotpot must try .
great service , fast , efficient , awesome food and great prices . tons of space for the whole family
the absolute best customer service in the business and with out a doubt the best coffee ! !
my favorite starbucks . the people that work there are the best !
tony was an awesome server & the food was delish ! great salad bar too .
don't waste your time , , , worst product @ the mirage , overpriced & sub-par to say the least
macadamia nut latte was very good ... will return to try other coffee and or food ...
rose does the best eyebrow wax job around ! i won't go to anyone else !
the customer service was horrible the guy daniel was so lazy he didn't even want to help me at all .
angela.agnew salon is the most inviting with great customer service and wonderful hair care
this restaurant is the best ! loved everything . ate num different courses and they all were amazing !
absolutely addicted to iced carmel lattes ! ! !
great place to go with the kids . the downside is the veeerrryyyy long line for tickets .
yum ! used players card for the steak dinner . got a free beer too ! ! ! looking forward to returning
delicious fresh sandwiches , soft gooey cookies , sweet moist pastries . what's not to love ?
good food great drinks . decent number of tvs to watch sports . can't ask for much more .
caprese sandwich was amazing ! $ num for a sandwich doesn't seem too bad for las vegas .
i love my brokerage . great support ! www.debsellsaz.com
simple , fast , and good food . the wafflewich was excellent .
good pizza , quality ingredients . will be ordering from them again for sure . great garlic knots .
they make a nice breakfast for less than the tip form dinner the night before . that's not bad !
very friendly and honest . recommend to anybody .
i don't mind the occasional lunch burrito here . a filling meal , when you are on a budget
had corned beef on rye ... gf had banana nut pancakes ... great homestyle food for the price !
clean and very nice . just wish they didn't have those lame display blocking the aisle every .
dem frosch kann ich mich nur anschliessen
great brunch place . crepes and french treats are divine !
honestly the best pizza i've ever had . nice lil diner inside too not to expensive
best bbq in town . dinner is really good , but brunch is even better ! will be back !
not that great . the hype was a lie . if you want to pay num bucks for tomato soup its ur thing .
wouldn't recommend this place to anyone . very rude and refused to do a simple design .
without the chocolate babka , i would die . plain and simple ... best place in the world
amazing value , large portions for low prices . excellent service , best indian takeaway in chester .
enjoy their burgers . stays open late and if you download the digital coupons they accept them .
friendly staff and yummy drinks & food . love to visit here while at the container park .
french cuisine fast and affordable . worth a try , if you're feeling brave ! nice atmosphere .
the worst dr . ever mr . j phillips . always cancels never has an appointment time open .
very tasty pizza . great portion size . delivery was real quick . not a big fan of the crust .
having an awesome time at aces watching the super bowl . beer is great and jessica has a nice butt !
not enough healthy selections , over priced , the one star is for the staff , the staff is nice .
called for the past three days to schedule an appointment for my son and no one picks up the phone !
very slow . even when it's not busy . we were waiting over an hour ! avoid .
good pel'meni ! only .. where's the dill ? and extra money for sourcream ? ? give me a break !
luv there macha puff and icecream so much
definitely try the guacamole sampler . get the one with the goat cheese . to die for ...
fresh pasta made daily . highly recommend this place .
great service , loved the atmosphere , amazing food ! no complaints whatsoever , worth every penny ! !
awesome store ! great service and a huge selection of memorabilia . lots of cool stuff to look at .
good : duck carnitas bad : their version of the margarita . that is all .
went for happy hour , weekdays num pm . great good , great service , great prices . highly recommend !
service was poor . security got confused and kept me out even though i'd already paid . frustrating .
great pizza and wings , i have eating here several times and have never been disappointed .
my go to place for lunch . the prices are low and the portions are huge . love their bbq duck
good place to get liiiiit . s / o to chief the security guard . made my experience num times better .
friendly and helpful staff , love the friends book sale , very organized and well layed-out
awesome cocktails and food ! love the vibe and friendly staff . one of my fav neighborhood spots .
edgar is a true professional and did a great job . will enjoy using his services in the future .
good food . take forever for drinks to get refilled or would have rated at 4 stars .
its a mcdonalds , clean but staff is young and immature .
luke's is highly recommended . the place is clean and the food is good !
this isn't your ordinary ice cream shop . come prepared to try something new . just go .
egg dishes - really fluffy and soft .
very authentic mexican food . definitely worth a look .
ok so i went back today and got jalapeno bacon mac n cheese and it was over the top good !
this place rules , just got delivery crazy fast and food was excellent .
nascar kobalt num was amazing and now the races will arrive in las vegas twice each year .
quite possibly the best ice cream places outside of sarris in pittsburgh . that is all .
nice new place for pinoys to hang out in vegas .
yum ! the chimi that ate nogales is one of our favorites . also the hatch chili street tacos .
so so food but sweet staff and low prices got the num star , waitress was a honey
great explanations . impressive exhibition . absolutely worth your time if you're in vegas .
not good ! ! yogart salad was good , but the kabab wasn't . kibby not good at all ! ! very disappointed
super fun way to drink n ride ! ! ! highly recommended for a night out ! !
it was fantastic ! great customer service the food was delicious . i would go there again - no doubt .
amazing views of the strip . elegant atmosphere and tasty cocktails . great for a little date night .
great space to do work and get some coffee . friendly baristas , great coffee , total win .
cold food , relatively tasteless , long wait and overpriced . otherwise it was great .
i live in massachusetts . i expected cheaper prices . they weren't . the produce looked good .
very nice and clean place the staffs are friendly and pleasant , over all i recommend it
i love this coffee , fast , friendly , and oh do good ! ! please come too seattle , washington ! ! ! !
never will i use them as a cater again .
nice big slices of pizza . the combo deal is amazing , the pizza tastes good and the price is right .
great place for both food and drinks . if you haven't tried the dessert yet , you're missing out !
i'm been ones and the customer representative was to helpful ! !
giving it num because there really wasn't anything wrong with our food or service .
outstanding new nightlife venue with a talent roster that is second to none ...
joel is an amazing jeweler and has a great eye for design ! you won't be disappointed .
i really want to like cool beans , but i got cold soup again :(
rubbery crust , buried in mozzarella , cheap pepperoni and unfriendly staff , why go back ! ! !
love love love ! ! ! burgers are great and everything is delicious and vegan / vegetarian !
pretty good taco salad , will go again soon . only down side is parking can be difficult .
website says open until num . went there at num . she wouldn't take us . said " sorry ! closed at num ! "
the lamb chops & burgers are excellent . great for happy hour
sushi bomb is awesome ! ! fresh fresh fresh ! ! friendly staff ! ! recommend to everyone ! ! !
the squash curry is my favorite . fresh food , good wait staff , quiet setting . yum .
the $ num combo is a full size meal and doesn't cost extra . fabulous price and food .
love the jerk chicken and mac n cheese ! ! i'm always on the look out for this food truck !
awesome place ! hawaiian turkey burger is a fave !
flora is amazing ! she's so kind and does a wonderful job cutting hair . look no further . come here !
the name of this mountain should remain frenchman mountain and not be changed to mt . reagan .
the only place to go for prime rib . my favorite is the diamond jim brady cut served rare .
great thai food ! great staff ! nice atmosphere . indoor and outdoor seating . cash only ! byob . love it
best show , best value a must see for locals and guests when in las vegas !
just tried . the pastrami and cheese sandwich . it was good not great . just wasn't great .
here to see mergence ! ! great show , amazing venue ... excellent service . whats not to like ! ?
delicious jerk chicken delivery , with broccoli coleslaw . proper winter comfort food delivered !
slow service , they didn't pay attention to our order . not the best ginza out there for sure .
this place is convenient . fish is cool , but the wings are subpar .
great food . the empanadas are delicious , the lomito salteado and bandeja paisa are as well .
never ever use them horrible customer service rudest people on the planet don't use them
so excited to have found num thanks to a friend's referral . love the walk-in structure !
i only love the happy valley store - they always have dairy-free chocolate ! it's delish !
best bakery in town . everything is amazing ! ! i only wish the cakes were decently priced .
bill takes the angst out of getting my hair cut .
teenagers and younger adults apparel very nice but not my style anymore .
meat was good quality ; long wait but worth it . would recommend for korean bbq fanatics .
good food , nice place , but better if you have a reservation
the food was good , but it didn't live up to the hype . plenty of better restaurants around .
enjoying a crisp villa maria sauvignon blanc with spicy calamari . rene ' is a charming waiter !
old bar , not so popular these days , could do with a makeover
food , service , desert ! ! ! bring your appetite !
omg this place is a hidden gem ! ! ! best food and specials ! ! my new fav ! ! ! you won't be disappointed
this place is sooo delicious ! ! ! the service was great , fun ambiance ! can't wait to come back ! ! !
el servicio es horrible .
delicious lomo saltado sandwiches ! their juice was yummy and fresh too ! good experience .
fabulous always . beautiful produce , fresh produce , reasonable prices . always worth the trip .
the best bacon breakfast burritos ever ! this was my favorite place back in high school :)
loved the nails & toes joely did for me ! & i had a drink while getting my pedicure ? score .
al pastor and carnita tacos are great ! i'm a big fan of the complementary chipotle salsal !
a fine place for a light breakfast or to sit and relax with a cup of coffee .
this starbucks drives me crazy - always super busy with no seating and a huge line-up for coffee .
just did carry out . panda express is way better . actually , taco bell is better .
small but very nice . i had a calzone ... very good ... would come back again !
room service disgusting ... never staying here again no robes no fridge and i deff over paid
its taco bell with long john silvers ... its pretty nice staff is nice and quick ... pretty clean ...
all of the staff members are so sweet and the tanning rooms are very clean ! loving it so far !
best nail salon i have been to in the gta , it's super modern , clean and affordable .
absolutely inedible . wish zi could get my money back ! so expensive and so disappointing .
& some uh them sales tho ... !
not the authentic food i was hoping for . standard mex-american fare .
i got the bucket of chicken and celebrated vanessa ' bday . good food , great cocktails .
wonderful experience with camco ! extra kudos to velvet stacey for all your help and patience !
very good steak and seafood selection , but i got they wagyu burger which was excellent .
great service ! a lot better deal than best buy without the hassle !
great bbq at lunch ! great buffet all around . best i've ever been to in vegas .
i had the num ingredient salad and it was amazing , 4 stars because the service was extremely slow .
really attentive service , great food , and cool decor
baristas were quick and efficient . the drinks were a-ok .
if they would bring the chile colorado back i'd give them 5 stars . great food and service .
fun . two golden tee machines , pool tables , darts . plain dive bar , with some decent food .
the best meat shop in york region . i love their brisket and steak sandwich , so delicious
great haircut from a great barber . neck shave , shoulder massage all included . ask for richard .
very great service . i received a full set , pedicure and eye brow waxing . i'm a satisfied customer .
compared to other macy's , this one is super fancy and has a great selection of clothing .
this is such a beautiful studio ! ! ! such a magical place highly suggest trying it out :)
amazing place wish i lived in phx so i could have this everyday !
cheese curds with tiger blue sauce ... doesn't get much better than that
nothing fancy on the interior , but great food and very nice service .
i'm from new york home of the pizza and this is the best pizza i've had soooooooo litty
great pizza , kind of a dingy little place downtown though . but the pizza is oh so good
really good food , i like how it has a spice chart , and they let you taste the food before you try .
troy was efficient and did an awesome job ! he also got back to me right away when i contacted him .
very nice and friendly people in avis baum bvd . strongly recomended rent a car with them .
good food , a little pricey . it's always packed and honestly the food is not worth a num minute wait .
best sit down pizza place in az . love their sicilian . calzones are great too .
average food . service was not very good . i was here for a lunch meeting . i would prob not come back
stopped there on a bus lunch and went back after work great food and nice people
amassing service can't wait to try the food just checking it the menu is making me want everything
oops posted wrong review for this ross . it was a different location .
their gelato flavors are definitely delicious . especially the lemon ricotta . must try .
loved this place . going back for sure . ! ! ! nice and relaxing atmosphere . and lots of good food
close to home and the instructors are amazing and knowledgable
great breakfast ! good size portions ! ask them to custom make you a gyro omelet ! da bomb
fungi burger is to die for . captain crunch shake is a must ! ! ! i love the ahi tuna too
great service and prices on new tires for my truck .
delicious . my friend took me and i loved it . i had the albacore tuna and fruit cup .
served w creative japanese dishes with nice service and cozy environment . ac was too weak .
kiyoshi is now open ! ! ! and guess who ordered it for lunch today ? about half my department ! :d
thanks richard d my great driver !
place is good for fast food , clean inside . friendly staff
everything's great , but the pancake is a little bit too dry .
guter und frischer mittagstisch , mit preisen um num eur inklusive vorspeise auch preislich ok .
great customer service . i rent weekly and always have a positive experience
great dive bar and excellent venue for watching live music .
everything was great , but what stood out was the excellent seared foie gras !
i am not a big fan of thin crusted pizza , but it was very good and the full bar helps .
my favorite hotel in vegas . be sure to ride the gondola's .
another fantastic meal today , i love this place , genuine ethiopian food cooked by ethiopians .
this place has great ambiance but rememner there is a dress code - no shorts allowed .
good food , timely manner excellent customer service .
the food is better than the og . nice atmosphere , good hearty pasta dishes ... what's not to like ? !
the bowls here are d'lish . really healthy and quick ! the employees are sweet college kids .
friendly greeting , amazing pedicure and manicure ! super clean , comfortable and modern .
the service was outstanding ! ! the girl who made our sandwich this morning went above and beyond .
very good food , good service . i recommend trying this place for a change of pace .
$ num for 2 weeks
good location . parking is great . staff is super helpful .
been to vegas numerous and wife and i love the buffets there . wicked spoon is good , really good .
they are great , always helpful . i always enjoy going there . thank you guys for fixing all my bikes
great brunch spot ! definitely make a reservation . highly recommended .
they do not accept credit cards without a chip . they send you to an atm .
constantly forgetting food in the drive thru . waited num minutes for chicken one day . unbelievable .
nothing but good things to say - efficient , very reasonably priced and friendly . great clean up .
friendly service , fun atmosphere , great food . a little pricey but worth it . great happy hour .
meh ... pricey and not as good as king wah .
decent pedicure for the price , but could have used more massage time .
welcoming friendly environment with people that understand customer service . great place .
nice family place . pizza is good and i like to sit and play catch up with my kids :)
filling . well priced . late hours . yum . farts .
great for casual / business dinners , must buy the charcuterie platter .
awesome services , nice and clean facility . total relaxation ! ! ask for weiwei she is the best ! !
the only chinese bakery in cleveland and it is pretty good .
great store furniture is unique .
excellent food , reasonable price , quick service , neat and clean , and its halal . what else you want .
great food , huge beer selection and the sunday brunch is a must .
prettiest bar in vegas ! go here if your trip pen balls , the drinks are super expensive tho
great bartenders , good drink specials .
earl was excellent and provided great recommendations and feedback about our ac unit .
not clean . poor service . attitudes . not helpful . insensitive . rude . wack
really creative sushi and you gotta love a place that has the bento box .
they didn't even cut my pizza ... awful customer service as soon as i walked in the door .
this place is super rad staff is freakin awesome .
i love this place ... what a gem . mango pork is my fave but never had anything i didn't like here .
best pancakes ever ! light and slightly crispy . worth a try .
great drinks ! just don't park and get towed like we did ! it's a great stop in madison !
won't go back . very expensive for tiny tacos . barely warm . wish i had asked for my money back .
enjoy stopping by at lunch , friendly staff , good eats . i love the mango tea they make !
en double
i was impressed with this place - it is the signature . still tons of old timers tho ...
great place to relax for a good happy hour . haven't had a full dinner there yet .
came here almost every day while i stayed at the paris . all the crepes were delicious !
a little slow to great me but the atmosphere is quiet and sooting and the food is very good
best burger i've had in a long time ! service was outstanding ... they need one in houston !
love the salon . every stylist there is very professional and kind ! i will be returning .
it was good for people watching , and the food was good as well . just a little noisy .
yum ! best french food i have in the states ... love !
i love cecilia ! she's awesome . i always leave happy and feeling great :)
green curry chicken 1 chili pepper my favorite dish , will stop by again for some more .
really great quality and the people that work there are not rude like i've read in other posts
well i didn't get sick and die , that counts for something these days !
waste of time adding a car wash to your gas fill as they can't add the points to your card .
customer service in the drive thru wasn't great but the food was good .
great sweet great food and great service very friendly . child friendly and games for children .
great fried pickles . burgers galore . went twice in one weekend .
great prime rib dinner for the price
met sean recently and he was awesome . no complaints , all positive vibes . you're the man sean ! !
poker machine gambling hole . these bums dont pay state local or federal wage taxes .
i've been with kurt for num + years . he's like family . his office has wonderful customer service .
the best authentic mexican food in the area . reasonably priced , fast and fantastic .
excellent food , a little pricey but amazing .
i have been here twice with my children . always fun and food is pretty good at pizinis .
great company with excellent work . we're very pleased with the screen installation . looks great !
the food was flavorful and the staff worked as a team to make sure we received great service .
if you're in phoenix , this is the place to try . the " jade red chicken " is outstanding .
absolutely amazing , clean , and very friendly . authentic being stationed in japan as good as co-cos
5 stars for jeff the bartender ! best margarita in town ! ! he felt with our crowd like a pro !
okay bought a container of their cream cheese ! delicious ! bye bye tim hortons !
tiny portions flavorless pasta sauce . expensive and so not worth it
makes iron chief look like a lean cuisine
really bad service , don't go !
food was absolutely amazing ! and our waiter , matthew , was the best ever ! definitely coming back :)
tourist trap . no way i'm paying num bucks for a burger i can make at home for $ num .
give me my rooms .. will all the money i lost here shit .. u should name a floor after me ..
poor service and the food is full of msg , my tongue cannot feel anything after eating there ! ! !
tried out this new restaurant and boy , am i coming back to try the rest of the menu !
food is okay but service is terrible and super control freaks .
food comes out fast . also reasonably priced for the mind-blowing quality . new favorite bbq joint !
o
nice enough but " too busy " to attend to guests in the way you like for a spa .
i think the calamari is some of the best i've had and the fish and chips is pretty good too .
good comfort food . clean and remodeled . had breakfast food came out fast and service was spot on
yes . it's that damn good . if you haven't tried it yet and live in montreal , you live under a rock .
orlando is great ! i've gotten two cars tinted and was really happy with both results ! thank you !
love the staff and place is always clean . they also got great beds and wonderful deals .
awesome service , very responsive and informative ! thanks guys ! #convenience thanks for the vape
every time i go , i am always pleased . delicious food , great service .
best hangover meal i can think of is a streaming bowl of spicy ramen from republic .
fast , friendly , honest , and there's a free arcade while you wait ! ! i'll be coming back soon ...
excellent breakfast spot . fun , kitschy , delicious . the pancakes are some of the best i've had .
super awesome interior ! ! ! feels like the " pirates of the caribbean " ride at disneyland ! ! !
great food . fast . cheap . good service . what else would you want from chinese takeout ?
great quick lunch downtown . ramen done right ... definitely not what you made yourself in college .
nice little spot . soup and quiche were great . service was awesome ! oh , and hopslam on tap .
i got a manicure today and two hours later my nail polish is coming off ... literally coming off !
food was average , large portions aka " family style " service was lacking and bread was cold .
outstanding ! ! best ribeye i've had in days ! ! great service ! ! thanks donna . will be back .
the curry is good . don't order the beef though ; it's low quality and not worth the calories .
really good pizza although it's a little pricey . they use high quality ingredients .
we had a great lunch ! highly recommend the rojo diablo chicken sandwich ! loved the fries too !
warning : this red mango isn't self serve like other red mangoes i've been to !
great dj , lively crowd , friendly staff and great food and drinks ... all around 5 stars ! ! !
great appetizers , ok food and slow service !
food was ok . price was pretty reasonable . spend some more somewhere else for a better meal .
wish the food was something to brag about , i prefer costco
i've dealt with ashor and he is very friendly and professional !
the new studio is amazing . the workout is crazy hot as usual ! amazing job everyone at bikram pv .
poutine and wrap were awful but the jerk chicken + bbq wings were really good .
this place is great , if you're into over-priced drinks , date-rape , and the smell of preparation h .
best service and seriously the best pizza i've had in years ! i highly recommend the white pizza !
i've called and left a message to have my dog groomed and have not gotten a call back .
fantastic burger , perfect crust , and cooked how ordered ... rare . great service
consistently delicious ! ! ! although they have long drive-thru lines , just go in and order .
make sure check your bill before paying . they charged unnecessary small dish for no reasons .
convenient and cost effective with cool stuff every once in a while , plus they return everything .
amazing food and good drinks ! service was incredible ! definitely try the gator ! and sea bass !
a very reasonably priced varied cafe with plenty choice in nice part of town .
fast , friendly , clean location . always a good experience here . beef chile ramen ftw !
vegan chocolate and cherry bing . ' nuff said .
very good food . went for brunch and thought it would be low key , but it was jam packed .
awesome spot , amazingly deep menu !
by far the best mediterranean food in vegas , and their 4 course meal for 2 is a steal .
great people ! very nice and professional . always willing to help and assist with my questions .
outstanding service . fast , friendly and informative . this is my new auto repair place .
seen this in san francisco but wayyy better at the venetian ! i'd see this show all over again .
place like this one ?
one the best places in toronto for cask ales .
wow ! probably the prettiest meal i've ever ordered .
best vet . dr . b and his staff treat you like family
i love this place . good food and super cool owners ! ! !
the holy thing good was the beer ! fish and chips were dry ! fish inside was ok ! not coming back
great service and a courteous staff . loved the enchiladas ! great place just off he interstate !
very small bar , but nice patio . $ 4 domestic tall boys
love the grilled pork banh mi . best on the east coast .
reeereee good food ! me rikee ... arot !
this place has classic design and provides a lovely , quiet space for coffee and conversation !
excellent selection of garden supplies . staff very helpful
great tofu soup ! yum ! a bit crowded / cramped in between tables ...
loved this place ! great photographer and pictures ! and melinda was amazing such a good woman !
ness gray did a great job today . he was prompt , friendly & knowledable .
love the korean prime kalbi
received an alright trim . not as inexpensive as it seems for women
garlic chicken has too much onion and sauce was way too sweet . very little chicken and too saucy .
friendly staff and good selection of guns . can't beat a family owned business .
really good food . interesting location .
i had never tasted the curry , but is rich i love this place , the guys are so friendly
great food , great service ! thanks ryan :) brunch was incredible ! def coming back very soon !
service excellent
nice hotel , clean rooms , ok food . i would visit again .
excellent atmosphere , great fusion of vietnamese and mexican ! pho was great as were the tacos !
cinema num ecrans don un imax tres confortable et moderne stationnement intetieur gratuit
awesome place with great service and really good food ! happy hour until num m is awesome !
went here for lunch . 2 chicken sandwichs a brio and a coffee . num bucks ? ? ? wowsers ! !
great service . very quick . the soup is delicious . highly recommended the pollo saltados .
had a wonderful time with my girlfriends during restaurant week . the meat was very flavorful .
really friendly service
greesy food , but good for the day after hangover . this joint is gone though .
love this place . they are very nice and welcoming . food is always delicious and served fast .
service was mediocre , order was done wrong 3 times , food was nothing special and was way overpriced .
take cab num if you want to inhale the sweet smell of barf and deal with a rude driver .
not my kind of food but the vegetarian options are available .
yum . chocolate glazed donut . too bad no coconut donuts on the night i went .
amazing ! location on las vegas blvd . near the wynn has closed though . haven't tried the others yet .
manmade waves at the pool . nuff said . weeeee
the food is absolutely delicious , looking forward to our next visit and the service was the best !
in october num , i went to montreal . every night since , i've dreamt of mai's dumplings .
the margharita pizza was delicious ! lots of great flavors , not soggy and just really good pizza .
the power went out and they kept taking orders ! i'll eat this food in any condition lol .
awesome food and staff ! love that they sell and use boars head deli meat
very good food and good beer . cozy atmosphere , and good service . felt like good ole chicago .
new store . we have been several times ... good food and good service . huge portions . great value .
great core skate shop . everything you need in one place .
completely satisfied customer , since sales department till financial . susan rocca it's the best
say yes to the nachos . they are incredible ! the food isn't super healthy but it is delicious .
emerson was great , works hard and did a really nice job on my carpets !
beautiful new shop with great new owners , amy and david . go there . you will be happy ! !
excellent bi bim bap . awesome service . would recommend .
exceptional service .
excellent food ! ! ! great price ! ! huge portions ! ! thanks carole ann for the great service ! ! !
i am a big fan of the wine coolers , beet salad , and mozzarella cheese sandwich . yummy !
i wholeheartedly recommend ellen cherry for superb service ! ask for her when you go in .
dr . mauro is the best ... wouldn't trust my baby with anyone else ! !
too bad it closed down i was a faithful customer . they had really good food and breakfast burritos !
love the house slaw and cheeseburger spring rolls !
great service and timely delivery . and the drivers are always super courteous and professional .
no . used to be great . now , thty make you wait forever and ignore you . worst customer service ! ! !
food is always good and comes in a timely manner whether pick up or dinning in .
$ num / shirt after a $ . num / shirt coupon . ouch . i miss bigger city life when it comes to this !
medium steak was a little too well done . good portions though .
delicious pancakes but their adobo fried rice was nasty .
suchi was great . awesome place to grab a late night bite .
possibly the most bland pho i've tried to date , however the mango smoothie was good .
i love this place ! awesome , down to earth people . i will never go anywhere else in metro phoenix !
tastey . unique new mexico style with chiles and not afraid to actually make food spicey .
great price deals from groupon , friendly staff , welcoming atmosphere and weekend availability great
the pho was not the best and it's expensive . i paid $ num for two bowls of pho and some egg rolls .
awesome food and service . free refills on aqua fresca . we will be back for sure .
chili chicken is always good and never disappoints . late night fare , this is the sauce i wear .
straight forward and honest . i was in and out within 1 hr and happy with the car i purchased .
loved this place ! the service , food and prices were all good - especially the $ num margaritas .
going down hill - i used to really like this place . now , they are understaffed and not nice / rude .
director is rude . setup is weird . teachers don't care .
food is good , but you may have to wait an hour to get it , happened on 2 occasions . will not return .
dave's customer service was awesome and highly professional . i would definitely come again .
kelly did a wonderful job filling my lashes . would definitely go back . thanks .
great food , fast and polite service . great place to stop for a quick bite or take out .
best thai in cleveland . this place is reasonable and friendly . the food is fantastic !
oil change took less than an hour first thing sunday morning . great customer service .
i ate at dean & deluca this weekend for the first time and it was fabulous . i am obsessed !
dr . bart and the entire team has been amazing ! would highly recommend !
great venue for a concert - very intimate and usally a good sound .
best vegan restaurant in the city ! hands down . tasty , healthy and good portions.great value
the best shwarma in phoenix . i live in north scottsdale it's worth the long drive every time ...
honest work and fair price ! what else can i ask for ? kuwica finished my car on time as promised .
great beer , awesome atmosphere , delicious food , huge patio . what more could you ask for ?
the gyros are good . do not order their fattoush salad - very disappointing .
great new spot in downtown chandler ! lots of tv's for football season and good food ! ! !
food is about average , nothing special
i love their monday tuesday specials !
very cute place , the decor is beautiful here , food was amazing as well i will def be back
love this place ! great selection of drinks and you can choose your sweetness .
i just got another perfect num minute massage with de de . once again i am hunam . best massage ever
bomb place to get 2 for 1 drinks ! look for kyle ! ! ! tell him that girl on yelp sent you ! xoxo
walked in and walked out . ten pm half tables have chairs up . country music and no one greater us .
i love it not only because of the food but it was so kid friendly we will be coming back for sure
good " old school " gym . nice people . low cost for a visit .
first time - not going again . awful food and more awful service - that was breakfast .
we love cowfish . the tuna nachos are one of the best apps in all of charlotte - superb ! !
great produce and products here , and at decent prices ! !
mmmmmm
did this place close ? the phone number is out of service . i loved this place ! very sad .
horrible service ... disgusting food ... prices are crazy for the small portion they serve you .
great service and num hours . should be rated num stars .
i ate a slice of pizza , then all i remember is putting my head down and i was ko'd . oh vegas ...
the service was great and good food , but they charge extra for rice !
tried the furikake chicken and damn ! ! ! i cant say anything else other than its amazing . !
i tried the chicken shawarma sandwich & the falafel wrap
barry was extremely helpful and i will be sure to be a repeat customer . great experience !
nice and warm place . the perfect spot to do your work or to read a book . i'm definitely a fan .
be surprised ... it's on a very lonely stretch of road . worth the effort .
sushi is great here ! try just for the halibut and dale earnheart rolls .
i love the crepes and i love that i can watch the bellagio fountain while eating my food
great gym , great management . highly recommend this gym to anyone with any fitness goal
nice selection of wine , spirits , and beer . sampling hayes parker spice flavor bourbon whiskey .
the food is delicious and the best part is that they have super convenient and affordable delivery
i honk everyone should try it at least once .
great place off the strip for breakfast . good food , fast service and reasonably priced
great , meticulous work . reasonably priced . you sense the owner cares about his work .
excellent mac n cheese , staff is very friendly and great outdoor games to keep the kids busy
good luck in trying to get someone on the phone for billing questions . i ain't gonna happen .
so so so yummy ! ! ! such a relaxing brunch spot if you eat outside . delicious every time
i love this place ! i recommended to all my friends ! the flying avocado wrap was on point
very very expansive restaurant , a small hot sake $ num . potion very small , but they make good food ,
very nice bar ! ! ! belle ambiance ! ! ! vraiment conviviale
all the food was great but the prime rib was the best i have ever had ...
i go here a lot . love their sushi and the sea star ! always have a great time with the staff .
i wouldn't go again , was rushed , it was no where near closing time . place was clean i suppose .
excellent service , excellent cocktail selection
professional and friendly staff . made the holidays merry for my family .
probably the best middle eastern restaurant in pittsburgh . everything tastes fresh and flavorfull .
best donut shop around ! ! great customer service , and delicious donuts ! highly recommend !
good place , clean , friendly . pitas are pretty big for the price , average libanese fast food prices .
authentic indian food prepared the way it should be . great flavors and excellent service !
they messed up my chicken club and my wife's salad was full of rotten lettuce . the staff was nice .
the best patio experience is olive & ivy . i love there food and wine selection .
great place to get good hearty food . definitely a go to when i want a lot of food .
solid lunch spot , got a sandwich and some sweets , nice place i will be back
i love this hospital - had my 2 girls there . and was satisfied both times :)
great dry cleaners and quick service .
kool aid . what else are you waiting for ? go ! now !
they do not deliver . false advertising . update your yelp profile and be honest with your customers .
before evening get to review the food : one cashier , num people in line . you get the picture .
this is the best i have ever eaten in toronto . delicious and halal the workers are so kind .
nice place , good food but i think the price is little hight for the " mini " portion to eat ..
super pizza top preis.ein punkt abzug weil manchmal erwischt man eine schlechte bedinung .
great place and great food ! i tried it during a first friday event . very good choice .
the villas were great ! perfect for family stay . washer and dryer . updated rooms .
get the encore sandwich ! ! make sure to get it with the yogurt sauce ! ! amazing ! !
super cute little spot . nice coffee
i love staying here ! the hotel is run so well and the access to the strip is prime . you'll love it !
great place and great people . wonderful location with really good food ! will be back again soon ! !
this is the best chicken sandwich i have ever had . if they end up delivering i'm doomed .
solid pho . felt so good on a cold day .
the best bbq porks sandwhich ever . juicy , flarvorful , meaty , smokey . perfect .
great coffee and a nice atmosphere . with comfy chairs , it's an easy place to catch up with friends .
best taquitos i've ever had ! fresh mexican style food .
finally found a szechuan restaurant in charlotte ... it's probably the most authentic place in town .
the live music on mondays is great . keep it up ! plus the food and happy hour can't be beat .
the food is ok .. high in price for just a rice bowl .. i would have liked more meat ..
great upstairs patio - had a fun night on freemont , despite thinking i wouldn't
the food is amazing , there is a wonderful view of the strip , and the live music was incredible .
sunday bruch is awesome ! all you can drink minosa or bloody marry ! yum .
they have the best cheese curds in town . the service is friendly and the food is amazing .
a greasy , cold shingle sold to me as a pizza slice . never again .
val and bill are the bomb ! great friendly service and fresh delicious food ! chorizo made on site !
the polish boy was excellent . this is a real bargain meal
meagan did a fantastic job on my hair . everyone complemented me on my highlights at work .
it was thanksgiving day ! and i know i was thankful they were open !
great tasting st louis ribs . wooden parkbench decor .
i got this delivered . it was ok . i'm sure there are better chinese places in cu .
amazing steam buns ... there is nothing like it in the city ... very flavorful . it's a must visit !
food made me feel like a god . telling everyone about this spot .
it was clean .. food is fresh and the people that work there are very nice , fast and efficient ! !
the music they play is pretty good ... but this place is tiny !
i never tried hakka before , this was an amazing experience !
had the kalifornia benedict , fantastic ! they also bake their own goods . the bagels rule .
great dentist doctor everything so happy with them
very fast , nice atmosphere , great workers . num would recommend . really good food and hot stones
good food , good atmosphere and enough parking spots . couldn't get any better !
calzones are amazing as well.if you're a west shore resident you need to give gina's a try .
very nice arrangements ! they arrived quickly and the staff was courteous . recommended !
great service from leale ! covered everything very efficiently .
delicious and healthy chicken taquitos / tortilla soup and really friendly service !
very talented chef ; friendly service ; charming atmosphere ; a jewel in westmount area ...
had the mixes seafood plater the shrimp really stood out . next will go for the giant shrimps dish .
top notch glass guy , fast and efficient ! will be definitely useing him for all my future repairs :)
a hidden gem in las vegas . i would give a num , service excellent .
their muhallabia pudding is killer ! ! a must try ; excellent prices and excellent food
staff is always rude , coffee taste burned , and the lattes aren't filled up all the way .
i wish they were closer to chandler but it is worth the drive
delicious food , friendly service and great atmosphere . i come here all the time .
good frozen hot chocolate , incredibly long waits . kitchen staff seemed disorganized .
this place has really gone down hill , i hope they reopen with a better quality and brand .
this was my first time , bartender was super friendly and helpful , and our meal was delicious !
great food , amazing tea list , and always met with friendly and attentive service . love it !
cosy atmosphere great for a dinner date .
this place is awful . totally unprofessional , and does not return phone calls . never use them .
amazing experience . brandy was extremely attentive and easy to work with . thank you so much !
good beer , good food . try the reuben ! , awesome atmosphere ! definitely worth the visit !
fabulous food ! lindsay was our server & she was lovely & knowledgeable . we will definitely go back .
delicious ! amazing pizza . loved the dough ! super quick delivery .
this is a mediocre mexican place the beans are the best part . everything else was just ok
fixed my completely shattered screen in about num minutes ! awesome job
the food looks just like the pictures ! i like the atmosphere and everything was delicious
i've been here multiple times . they have probably the worst service of any resto in montreal .
everything was good , except for the kyoto milk tofu appetizer . would not recommend ordering it .
best mexican food i have ever had from a restaurant . period .
the wonton soup , so worth it .. close to home , nice and quiet .
love this place ! my wife and i go every month on our anniversary day ! one of our faves !
the food is authentic and so good ! my husband i love coming here . the naan bread is amazing !
this place is amazing ! mimosas , food , build your own bloody bar . definitely worth it ! ! !
awesome food . . delicious burgers and wings ! family run . . great food and wonderful for groups !
i'd say num , decent food , restaurant atmosphere is simple .
great service ! wilson is awesome , the clothes are incredible and prices can't be beat !
cool location with outstanding food for the price . i enjoyed the tomato mozzarella salad .
went here for a couple years as it slowly went down hill-quit them last year
bar food and drinks . the staff was very nice and there are plenty of tvs to watch games .
i just bought my first rolex watch there , and i was very impressed with service .
not a bad bagel but would like to see more options . everything seemed pretty fresh
this place has unexpectedly good tacos and plenty of room . also runs late night .
wendy is extremely knowledgable and results oriented . i would definitely work with her .
love it , you can taste when people cook w love , and this has some much love , totaly coming back
i don't come here often , only in special events . this place is not so fun and boring actually .
batiment de toutes les couleurs qui detonne avec le style de la vieille ville .
loved the food and service thanks lady's you are what makes going out to eat enjoyable
went for my mom's num birthday , part of 4 ... awesome food and good service . i will go back !
three stars . not bad not great . this place runs in a middle groove .
i love corned beef sandwiches and pierogis . can you guess what i had for lunch ? both were great ! ! !
new owners ... super friendly ! amazing service ! egg foo young was amazing . we'll be back !
i love this place . summer rolls and beef short ribs are delicious !
i love my " charlie brown " christmas tree i bought from rudolph's . num year in a row ! ! !
i love my home depots . not much i can say except ... get some wood !
delicious ! i love getting the duck pad thai , so flavorful .
amazing ! inexpensive and great work . professional and clean . henna is amazing as well
rude staff . do not even bother going here , they are in it to rip you off . typical chain .
delicious and good location . friendly workers and store is well kept . definitely worth it .
it is dark inside , therefore make me dont want to buy it anymore
as always chris is friendly and personable ! that female bartender is no longer there :)
great food - had mango chicken and dinner combo . quiet on a friday night , fair prices .
sorry pamela's , you been replaced as the breakfast champion . gold goes to david's diner
received the wrong order and the service was horrible . first time here and will never come again !
i've been here multiple times . service is always great and so is the food . love the asian wings !
idk what's worse ... their soggy pizza or their staff . learn how to be professional grown ups .
cute enough and they let dogs hang out , too . decent selection of beers / whiskys ~ quirky / casual .
another beautiful egg works location ! i love this place just as much as i love the other ones !
go see barber soph at num ! she's great , and the rest of the barbers there are fire as well !
amazing wings.great place . great service . affordable
the garlic fries and the salads are amazing ! great sunday brunch and cool modern environment :)
came here for st patrick's day dinner it is only num and they run out of green beer really come on
great place for a friday night dinner , great beer selection and amazing fried pickles
best buffet in vegas ! ! ! love it ! cannot have any better value or selection of food its awesome ! ! !
cheap private rooms , alcohol specials , and karaoke :) funnnn !
service was quick . amazing little spot .
i dined here for my birthday last year and it was a memorable experience . i can't wait to return ...
this restaurant rocks . great service , amazing food . definitely give this place a try !
loved the juices , raw food , great energy !
great service , good prices & friendly guys . i highly recommend pit stop .
good standard sandwiches and helpful staff . the place seems clean and well maintained
nope . never again . subpar and overpriced food coupled with extremely ornery owner . i'm good .
best damn tiki bar on the mainland !
if you are looking for authentic mexican food - stop your search - you'll find it here .
solid , local place to meet up with friends .
we just love the food and we have had really great service ! marco is our favorite !
good place to just chill and they really have great deals everyday . servers are really friendly .
super slow , even after the lunch rush . made our sandwiches wrong . staff seemed poorly trained .
great hotel . very clean and nice rooms . and also very quiet . stuff is friendly and helpful .
really good food , huge portions . this is the kind of place that just " feels right . "
the rooms are epic ... the view from floor . num corner suite will leave a memory unfetched
the pizza is great but the delivery time is ridicule and the driver always has a attitude .
a nice place to get a warm beverage and chill for a while .
ordered the meatloaf and it was delicious ! ! lizelle was amazing and was a great help at the front !
good spot to do some work . communal tables in the front , more loungey seats at the back
great selection , great service !
super cheap beer and deep fried pretzels . what else do you need ?
awesome food , great service , reasonably priced , but most importantly ... great coffee !
great service , they know their stuff . awesome prices . ask for one of the rays . he loves his wife !
literally the best sushi place ever . staff is amazing , and nothing beats this place ! !
i might be biased , but ryan the bartender is a great asset to this bar . great service .
cotton candy to die for . staff is amazing and smiley and super sweet :)
pollo poblano , mmmmmmmm . this is a cool joint . white tablecloths , sweet murals , delicious meal .
they do not care about how you look . avoid .
great finds and there are always good clearance items at this location . staff are helpful here .
great brunch menu , good bloody mary's . heard they have great burgers too , will try next time .
industrial - modern - good service - urban feel . it's a good place for an intimate conversation
best physio in toronto . i have been seeing adam for years and wouldn't consider anyone else !
their dining room is closed yet it still takes forever in the drive through . what is going on ? ? ?
incredible food , incredible service , everything was delicious ! ! ! downtown lv best kept secret ! ! !
nothing personal against the store or employees . century link internet speed is horrible .
the food was fabulous . definitely will go back
how good could a corn chowder be ? very good . especially with blue crab bits and thai basil .
tiabi was truly bomb , had 2 of the hashtag breakfast and couldn't have been more satisfied .
brilliant , excellent quality food , good prices , good friendly staff . def going back
great pedicure in a nice , clean shop . reasonable price too .
delicious fried chicken ; meals and stews are tasty and everything is very affordable .
appreciate having a local " deli " offering various regional foods ! support local business owners ! !
dinner with friends for a birthday . overall experience , including the food , was mediocre .
these are the best burritos i've ever had ! so many flavors ! mexi fries are bomb aswell !
great food , large portions . u have to try the peanut butter burger
enjoyable lunch . the pad thai was good . thai tea was enjoyable and the service was good
great service and pretty darn good food too . perfect atmosphere for college football
decor is waaaay outdated , but the food is very good ! lamb chops are great
great service , well equipped parts dept and quality coffee . highlight of my day = 5 stars
luann is fabulous and made my birthday extra special ! thank you so much !
a real tradition and for good reason . wonderful mexican food at very reasonable prices .
horrible . very unprofessional and won't answer calls once they get you to sign that contract .
this place is really cool , loved the kale caesar , nice place , good service .
tim did a great job helping me pick a great gift . i will definitely shop there again .
this place is closed - out of business - fin ... too bad cuz they had some good food ..
it was the best choice in the food court . pretty bland though ... and pricey .
tons of flavors , helpful and knowledgeable staff , and an overall great experience !
took my dad here for father's day . an outstanding operation ! it's super fun .
3 star accurate and not worth $ num for breakfast . friendly servers . not much to report here .
great chicken rice bowl ! absolutely wonderful ! great service . love this little place !
amazing food , fantastic service , great decor and super cute patio ... highly recommended ! ! !
great bbq ! amazing nachos . fun decor and atmosphere . better for lunch .
under new management . kara and her staff are terrific !
love this place so yummy n very good service and clean love taking my family here and friends ! ! !
nice friendly staff , great selections , thinking about just buying spread to put on bagels at home .
crap location , fat covered pizza and dirty
love love love ! ! sara was amazing freindly as can be made you feel like u were at home ! ! !
i love fez ! everytime i go i know i'll have amazing food and a great atmosphere !
i love the roasted red pepper spread and the beer selection !
little disappointed with the limited choice of japanese food . serves only sushi basically .
great produce department.always will let you sample fruits
our family loves this restaurant , they serve great food and very entertaining .
best place to play pool and drinks at low prices .
xxxx
a plus for a & a ! great customer service , friendly and accommodating ! highly recommend !
a very memorable meal on our short trip to vegas . everything was delicious and plenty of it !
saturday , october 5 , num . i brought our puppy in for bath . tara took excellent care of our dog !
best prices in town ! only place with 1 dollar cbd hemp wraps ! ! !
staff is very helpful and most times discounts are given to certain employers too .
best bbq sauce in town ! love to support locally owned businesses =) food is fabulous !
awesome ! happy hour burger , zucchini fries and salad . all three excellent ! can't wait to return .
great food and place . their steam buns are excellent and their pigs face appetizer is a must have !
have a lunch with family . fresh sushi and fruits . sushi chef and habachi chef so nice .
spicy chicken wrap so delicious and you can totally share it it's huge . love this joint
really great food , decent beer selection , and great drinks . try the irish coffee .
i've been training for num years and this is the best ever . great trainers and great vibes .
so disappointed ! ! ! feel like my friends and i have been totally misguided by the " 4 star " rating !
still the best sushi in vegas , or henderson . fresh fish , creative rolls .. great sushi chefs ...
great burger and the chili fried chicken is awesome
food its somewhat expensive but its the closest shushi place from my home
fat heads beer was great . food , was just okay . a lot of deep fried options .
can be a bit busy , but really great food . many types of sushi in this place's huge menu .
amazing burger and malt ! ! service was really slow but friendly . all very reasonably priced .
the food is excellent great service my second time here and i plan on dining here alot
super salty mashed potatoes were horrible . roast beef was sandwich type meat . very disappointing .
love this place ! awesome outdoor patio and beer selection ! happy hour prices can't be beat .
best eggs benedict ever ! super friendly staff with great service and a nice patio up front .
absolutely unprofessional staff and office .. miserable experience would never go there again
yummmmm . this location is friendly . the manager is really nice and has amazing customer service .
i remember the ' penny's catalog when my childhood ended . my omelette did that for me .
better than beverly hills .
my daughter loves it , but i cannot stand the food , the noise , or the horrible parking .
what happen ?
a real local place ! great food , low price , friendly people ! a perfect combination ! love it here !
best breakfast burritos you must try ! we also come for taco monday they have tacos for $ 1 !
canonita i love you ! thanks for the amazing food and great service see you next time ^ . ^
decent fry's location , pharmacy , gas station , starbucks and two redboxes outside .
excellent service and the food was delicious ! ! try the bento boxes if you are a first-timer .
ok atmosphere , however , quite expensive . food is only mediocre .
this place closes early on weekdays ! very disappointed ! make sure to call before arrival .
great coffee shop in monkland village . always make a point to stop by whenever i walk by :)
i find energy cafe's lunch to be very bland . i work close by & was hopeful but i am disappointed .
these guys are awesome . dropped my phone this afternoon and num hours later i had a new screen .
nice crew fast service . was in and out pretty fast .
very reasonably priced .
what a place for buying a disc golf and gathering info for disc golf ! awesome selection of discs .
edinburgh pies ! quick service even though it was busy with the edinburgh festival . i shall return !
i got a manicure today , best one i've ever had !
got my septum pierced today ! awesome environment and professional atmosphere thanks ! ! !
always poor customer service in the pharmacy strictly have stayed here for convenience ...
nina is the best for waxing ! great job every time !
get the red velvet waffle combo . the chicken sausage is yummy but the hash browns are not crispy :(
love the new location but parking lot was full a testimony to the food . service was outstanding .
good clean fun ... kinda ! very fun modern take on the male strip club experience .
delicious as always ! i had fun enjoying a tasty treat and playing a game of trouble too .
great pizza . friendly staff . have yet to disappoint . great option for dinner in cross plains !
#pfslp
came on a sunday . halibut , haddock and chips were great ! we'll come back again as regulars .
these guys rock . nice , quick , and strong as ...
we had a great experience at byblos . the food was delicious , and the service was excellent .
spectacular food . the best papaya salad i've had in the states . green curry is wonderful as well .
pretty nice bar , good beer selection n big trouble in little china playing on the tv . nice !
modern theatre with num screens . huge !
highlights : pizza , baked goods , and salads .
the singapore rice noodles are fantastic . please go to roppongi !
r . i . p . to a great community built by an amazing place . i hope to see these guys again soon .
good food , good service , fresh , not to unique , a bit pricey for some items .
you guys are amazing ! great instructions and everyone is so friendly
i enjoy this location although the last time we went it was very hot and the pop corn wasnt fresh
really bad experience . ordered chicken biryani for takeout and found a push pin in the biryani .
pizza was delicious and piping hot . the live music on saturday nights is awesome . i'll be back
pretty good bagels for arizona . definitely remind me of new york bagels .
fantastic service , wonderful food , great atmosphere . highly recommended . will be back again !
so glad they have a barro's down in sw phoenix . pizza is great , customer service is awesome .
was about to buy a groupon so glad i looked here first ! thanks for the heads up ! !
super ! ! ! je vous le recommande .
funny , sexy , talent-filled . my boyfriend and i thoroughly enjoyed this show . highly underrated .
they fry up a big batch and leave it sad and cold during the day .
heros is amazing . the monte cristo is so good , i had 3 . also the toco pizza is amazing .
awesome place . be ready to wait because it is very popular place .
worst food ever doesn't even deserve a star we tried it a couple times and will never go back .
wow ! the lobby was gorgeous ! the room was huge ! the bathroom beautiful ! such a nice place !
this is my favorite buffet on the strip . wynn is the best !
num stars . pretty crispy . pretty greasy . only $ 5 is a steal .
the spring roll was the best ! otherwise food was ok .
the chicken salad is so good ... the 5 layer bar is excellent ... the cookies are quite awesome ...
best damn sausage and beer i have had in a long time . definitely on my list to visit again ! !
knowledge combined w experience makes for good outcomes . rv repair on our rig outstanding .
best burrito ever ! the green chili pork is crazy good ! ! ! my pick a couple of times a week .
food is fare . price is fare . good for a casual business lunch . don't really enjoy it .
this place is bomb ! the food is delicious and affordable .
cool trendy place to chill and enjoy great coffee . definitely need more places like this in vegas .
we had excellent service while we were there yesterday . the guy taking orders was very polite .
amazing food , and perfect for a quick bite !
very friendly staff , good latte's . the patio is awesome and the interior is clean and inviting .
great place to convert scrap metal and old car batteries into cash . location is convenient for me .
love this place best gyro i have ever had , and local ... big plus . i eat here once a week ! ! !
best place to diy for doggie bath !
my fav all time coffee destination in tempe . it's a fabulous place to do homework and socialize .
tao had an event and we didn't know . the security guard just chased us out . very rude !
really cool place , turn on some good music . go there
great preparation for valentine's day . to go orders area was very well organized . well done guys .
only open for breakfast and lunch . if you go away hungry , it's your own danged fault . lol
really good fresh sandwiches ! highly recommend getting the chips as a side ! ! a bit pricey though
over-priced but handy . produce so-so . hard to navigate . no bargain .
richtig gut essen ... rostbraten ist ein gedicht . was eine vereinsgaststaette nicht alles kann .
delicious chocolate crepe and lots of tempting eye-candy .
thank you laticia ! you made picking out our bridesmaids dresses so perfect ! reasonable pricing too .
should have gone to iga for lunch or mcdonalds . portions are measured to the tee . don't bother .
our two dogs have the best time when they stay here ! staff is so nice and love our dogs too !
best japanese restaurant in town . i highly recommend . primo roll and cha su ramen is my fave .
delicious pumpkin pancakes and kind owner made for a great start to the day ! clean and efficient .
best powerlifting gym in las vegas hands down ! ! if i could give it more stars i would .
glad there is hockey to see in charlotte !
the food was great , but the service was terrible ! very slow and impolite staff unfortunately .
amazing prices and deals and great friendly staff ! defiantly come here for your nutrition needs !
their payroll checks bounce , constantly . not just a one time thing . avoid them like the plague .
went in for an oil change . quick , painless . the oil package offers a lot for a reasonable price .
amazing ! great service and quick delicious food . smoked meat sandwich was incredible !
awesome espresso and smooth regular coffee ! ! i love local and this is as good as it gets ! !
great price & great food !
typical bonefish excellent food great atmosphere fast waitress . what more could you want
delicious food , great prices ! i am not vegan and i love their food ! cant wait to go back !
we order allllll the time from here . never a problem with service , always exactly what we want .
terrible service ! ! ! customer service lacks , i will be switching isp asap .
great food and service . huge salsa bar with so many options . will definitely be back many times !
great customer service ! ! ! the paint is good quality , they have all the equipment that you need ...
food is pretty good and service is great for the price , which is super low !
great breakfasts here ! lots of combinations to choose from . fast service . big portions .
my favorite place hands down to eat red chili ! the green is good but extremely spicy .
outstanding breakfast spot ! ! we go every time we visit vegas . our server tabatha was great ! !
the tartare and ceviche appetizers were fantastic ! the lamb main course was better than the duck .
delicious ! great grilled chicken burrito with guac for free . i thought it was better than chipotle .
my most favoritest place to have pho . i'm addicted to the vegetable pho with tofu ! yum delish !
jim , thank you for the best martini in vegas ! great pour and ice cold ! what else could you ask for ?
waffle , egg and bacon sandwich was good but the egg was wayyyy over salted . good coffee
place is fun and good is good but not worth the insane wait that they allllways have here .
fantastic ! same great food service as tempe . this location is only a few miles from my house .
great local spot ! unpretentious with home cooked offerings ! bring your appetite !
nicole does great work ! thanks again i would come back for sure very nice and professional .
great performance .. slightly raunchy comedy but a great live performance in a small theater .
amazing italian food , great service and the old courthouse truly is an amazing place !
absolutely the best restaurant ! ! ! try the caramel pork chop & lobster .. the view is spectacular .
it's hands down the best poker room in vegas in every comparable way .
edamame beans soaked in garlic , ginger , chili ! ! bomb ! !
great service , tons of fake body parts . no parking .
good place for thai and yummy beer . the rice dishes are pretty solid . i'd come back for sure .
great mexican food in charlotte . you have the choice of traditional mexican or tex-mex .
very beautiful but a very short show ; a warning to those expecting a grand spectacle .
best takeout i've had in a while ! pizza , hoagies , specialty pastas are all fantastic ! ! !
average place with a nice selection beers . good for lunch for a late night drink .
not really great poke , you're better off going to ahipoki bowl down the street .
i'll make it short , service sucks at this location . go to the one on eastern or sunset .
chicago in vegas . best chicago beef i've had , great pizza and wonderful dogs . just go !
the very best street tacos . fresh is the key and these guys know how to do it . highly recommend
they have some of the best food at a reasonable price . i totally recommend this place .
really yummy food ! good service . i always end up burning the grill though lol idk how to work it .
( their tartares are pretty darn good too )
best gelato in town . special thanks to the very attentive crew . december and edwin you r the best .
food and drinks were not bad . not much options for cocktails . ambiance and music was good .
great sandwich shop . like subway only better ! great combinations . fresh and delicious .
this restaurant has permanently closed as of march num , num .
go somewhere else . this place is ridiculous . one person working with num people in line . horrible .
kelly's cafe has the best breakfast in brunswick . the crepes are out of this world .
worst hotel i've stayed in horrible customer service . i will not be coming back here again
i prefer meijer .
closed . one of the best ny pizza places is gone with the wind . restaurant is closed now .
rude and pushy staff ! ride was over fast , and i didn't really feel safe . waste of $ num per person .
cheeseburger was juicy . wings seasoned to perfection . can't wait to order again . fast delivery !
place isn't and won't ever have the same taste since they switched owners .
nice restaurant and food was awesome . i highly recommend the gnocchi .
good bar food snacks , meals were average . fun crowd .
great place if your on the great allegheny passage bicycling .
delicious and hot food , beautifully packaged and delivered within num minutes !
marco was the most polite and great guy ever he even had a lil fun sliding our cards :)
replaced serendipity outside caesars . smaller portions and more expensive . nice service .
excellent service at a fair price . very happy to have found this company to fix my garage door !
great selection with knowledgeable staff . just went in to browse , and was welcomed .
excellent fish and chips and very nice decor ! ! ! good service as well . definitely will return .
yummy food . good service . clean place .
the wings are awesome ! ! ! great bar and food ! !
great view of the strip and mountain range . nice , clean , and friendly for kids and pets .
power up your life . awesome trainer with awesome energy . eating better , feeling better all around !
this place is great . been there twice and am very happy i went . food is great , ambiance is too !
great place to watch games , better than average bar food . service is a plus !
i have to upgrade my review for the improvement in service and engaging with customers ! thank you !
very reliable business and surprisingly they were available for same day service ! perfect results !
das essen war sehr gut , es gab ausreichend reis dazu und die preise sind wie vor der wende .
best coffee in town . ps try their power cookie . makes great healthy breakfast on the go .
cute little local business with delicious ice cream , excited to try some pastries next time !
just go already , you will be glad you did .
bomb food . if you like kabob , this is the place . cheap prices , big portions .
delicious food . friendly staff . classy , modern and sexy atmosphere . can't ask for more .
don't waste your hard earned money . bad or rotten food gives you trips to the john .
food is delicious and service is outstanding . i had the panang curry and it was fantastic
overpriced and crowded . wouldn't have went if there were better things to do in markham
excellent sandwiches and great service . can't go wrong with any of the subs .
loved it here hays the pasta ala nico so good ! the balsamic salad dressing is great too !
staff friendly and knowledgeable . open and airy .
excellent , fantastic , authentic mexican food . gourmet and unique , best in town !
awesome food along the strip . the atmosphere is loud and the lighting is dark but we didn't mind .
haircut sucked . they still made me pay full price . so many other good places to settle here .
bryan z . is my service advisor and he always takes great care of me and my car .
small place in chinatown . good dragon beard candy . remind me when i was a kid back in my home land .
get the blackened mahi , it was excellent . can't beat num beers ! even goose island ipa ( bottles ) .
great place to go after the car and quad passed emissions sweet potato fries rock baby ribs yoummy
good food and one of the few options open late . really nice people ! i recommend the chicken wrap .
mediocre and over-priced food with below-average service . nice patio though .
the truck came out pretty clean ! but was hoping for . full service location ! not a drive through
not real into sweets but this is the.best.dam.donut . i've . ever.had .
eine perle in stuttgart ! ! !
dr . truman is awesome ! the people that work there are really friendly .
right opposite adonis
this is my favorite place for lunch in downtown phoenix ! the food is great and always fresh .
this place is great ! ! ! fast service , great unique food , good beer ... what else do i have to say .
loved my nails , the nails tech was great and receptionist was amazing and very friendly ..
variety of shops and eateries . love this place !
absolutely great show . very fast and dangerous magic !
the staff here is off the hook . especially that jesse guy . he's so cool . jazz is just alright .
chasu was good , huge portion , tasty . unfortunately their gyoza wasn't that goood ... but worth a try !
fast and courteous service . bring back the cookies in the waiting room ! ! !
awesome place . they always fit you in and sophia is absolutely wonderful . so friendly !
mike and george in control . amazing food , drinks and atmosphere . wish we lived in the hood .
i love their coffee it is really smooth and their teas are good too .
great selection and friendly staff . they even have hooter hiders for nursing moms ! fabulous !
nice hotel but our room smelled like smoke ( it was non smoking ) and the staff were hardly helpful .
new spot recently opened uptown . sandwiches are good & it will probably fill a good niche .
lamb croquettes were great . the wings were spicy and smoky . the tomato salad was great .
awesome nail salon . got an appointment same day and liz did a fantastic pedicure and gel manicure .
pesto pizza with fresh mozzarella ... drooool ... nuff said !
shared tables , smoked meat , mustard and cash only . as good as they say it is .
excellent healthy foods . my favorite is rice noodles with veggies . very good concept !
service was great . food was good , ample servings . the ambiance was lacking a little though .
excellent service and for the price food was very good ... will try carry out delivery .
plain patty no seasoning .. very disappointed . waited long time for this and just plain .
good food for amusement park but they can do better with their service ... so darn slow
its the best pizza you are gonna find at 1 am in vegas . avoid sbarro ! meh !
great place for both individual and group workouts .
power outlets and usb outlets everywhere . what else does a traveler on a layover need ?
i would give them zero stars if i could . terrible experience with reception and parking staff .
great place for food and drinks . bartenders are amazing
very average food . udo tasted pretty salty . probably will try something else next time
solid workout , excellent instructors , fun atmosphere , and great pricing . need i say more ...
i love the boba ! i've tried pretty much all of them , but i definitely favor the strawberry one .
cameron was great ! super helpful and such an easy car buying process . i can't complain .
whenever we have family in town , we visit here at least once . wonderful pizza and cookie dessert .
don't miss stop if you visit madison . great beer .
really awesome atmosphere , and friendly staff ! had a great chai latte !
great customer service . very accommodating and down to earth guy .
very fun ride and very nice staff . view from balloon was amazing , happy to have done it here .
great hot dogs , fries and hot beef sandwiches ! staff is friendly and eager to please ...
great gas ! haha i go there a lot because i live around the corner but friendly staff ..
very friendly and patient with us and very helpful in helping us in selecting the perfect jacket
mushrooms are really good . but num for a pastrami on rye ? i feel abused at that price .
super close to my house and i enjoy the atmosphere but tte service is lacking !
i've been in quite a few times . i'm happy with the service and i'll be back . very affordable .
the food was spectacular ! the service was great ! i couldn't think of a better place to dine !
love this place , try the chicken bagel spicy . amazing ! always go here any chance i get . thanks .
great vegan food but it takes awhile to prepare it . i love everything i've eaten there .
a favorite destination when visiting toronto . excellent flavor and many topping combos .
wow ! a must visit when near phoenix . wish there is a place like this in the oc
good - re fried beans i would pass on ... carnitas very good . very clean and friendly staff .
it's barrio . i don't think anything else needs to be said .
this is a no nonsense burger diner type venue . the burgers were awesome as well as the staff .
had a sick time on halloween with madeon , young dj from europe .
the best omelete is " the bugsy seigel " with extra sour cream & meat !
wife and daughter ate here and got food poisoning . they had the shrimp lo mein . beware !
rj's has closed and is now over under sports grill . new ownership , spiffed up interior , new menu .
great happy hour place . drinks and meat on a stick is the way to go . sushi is great too !
go here . they are so kind and the food is so good ! finally a good thai spot in the neighborhood .
got volume lashes with stephanie . look and feel amazing . very light weight , lots of volume .
food is never good . staff is rude and not helpful . very slow as well . i wouldn't eat here .
service is a bit slow if ordering food . drinks are decent .
love this place ! great sushi and super nice ! ! a weekly spot for me ! !
super yummy - great food and lots of healthy alternatives ! i love that i can have egg subsitute ! :)
just got served raw chicken . i will never eat here again . praying i don't get salmonella poisoning .
fantastic , quick and expert service ! i would highly recommend discount sprinkler !
good but for delivery or even pick up that always get my order wrong frustrated ! !
seriously was meh at best ! don't know how everyone makes such a fuss . it has no where to sit ! ! !
good food usually very consistent ... great bbq shrimp . seating can be tight .
no ! ! ! closing giant rustic pizza was an awful mistake . the pizza was perfection .
very friendly employees , and very cozy seating area . great place to get work done on a cold day
bottleshop num is very clean and a delightful place to pick up the perfect num pack or bottle of wine !
ice cream comes out of the machine like paste . please get it fixed . thanks
had a great breakfast for our first time to the cafe . food was excellent as was the service
delicious and authentic korea food , topped off with awesome hostess and excellent customer service .
great catering - easy to work with - don't skip the mac & cheese !
the best sushi i've ever eaten . we had a group of num and chose the tasting menu ... it was amazing !
great rink . lots of fun ... but ... you will wait forever to get inside , a complete joke
one word , nicantoni's . see the original owner of buono's .
slow service , food ( i got the stilton burger ) was average . the solarium is very cozy though .
everything was great ! ! ! super friendly mom & daughter operation ...
it is the only chinese i will eat when i am in the area . its delicious food and wonderful staff .
loved everyone at opulence spa ! a hidden gem is right ! i'll look forward to my next facial ! #mnf
new to area this was just too confusing to get a $ 3 car wash . sorry . the car wash was good though .
i see dr lawrence kutz for pain management . he is patient and really cares about his patients .
loved this place . beer was great . food was good . service was outstanding
great food and amazing customer service . they have fresh squeezed orange juice thats amazing also !
love this place especially ially the closeness to the public market . food is deelish
love costco ! ! hard to get outta that place without spending num why you planned on spending .
this place has a good variety of dishes . come for dinner and they'll add crab legs to the buffet .
amazing coffee , amazing employees , just wow ! and the cardamom bomb is the bomb ! will be back ! (:
best ! i have had here in the valley ... num yrs in california i was spoiled .
i wanted to love it .
great sandwiches and french fries love their loaded fries
absinthe returns to caesars palace october num :) go it's amazing ! !
the glass noodle dish called ants climbing a tree is pretty good . it's definitely a must try .
great little family dinning place that could use some cleaning and remodling .
love this place ! ! ! i am never dissatisfied :-)
hannah gave me w gel manicure ! she did such a fabulous job ! ! ! definitely will go back
good , solid chinese food served fast at a good price . lunch specials are a good value .
very nice owner ! we came out with some really fun items to give our vacation pizazz !
racist environment / they act like they've never seen a black person before
my favorite bakery in charlotte ! been going since college ... that's num years now !
great service ! good selection of tapas ! ! disappointed in the temperature of the food-barely warm
this is my favorite pattiserie in oakville , also meats , fruits and bakery are excellent ! ! !
these are the best tacos i've had outside of mexico . i highly recommend the pastor and cabeza .
legit . clean bathroom and great service . i recommend the reuben . overall best deli around .
went here with some friends had a great time . i would recommend this for an evening out .
took van in to diagnose possible a / c issue and for oil change and tire rotation . no problems .
love this place come here every time we are in vegas . best micheladas and the food is amazing .
amazing tacos , delicious mulitas , quick service . as good as it gets !
may num - luis set me up for removal of baked in sap . they made my car ( num honda ) look new .
also very nice staffs and large portion of the meal .
excellent service and superb food . portions were huge and bloody mary's to boot .
food was great and the vibe of the place was a blast . pets everywhere and a fired up crowd .
such a good breakfast & the staff was great ... but the wait was long in the sun .
nice place to peruse for books and dvds ... they also have a musical instruments section !
great burgers and fries . a little expensive . there was a couple of flies in the dining room .
great service . good prices . arriba arriba .
so yummy ! you can tell it's fresh , homemade ice cream . favorite is the chocolate pb swirl .
love their lavender and kahlua mini cupcakes ... flavors and quality was simply amaz . a much try .
dopest spot . one of my favorite places in the city . good for brunch , dinner or just drinks .
kind of trendy but don't go there hungry bc the food portions are minuscule at best .
honestly as a guy this place is the best get the delux pedi and the scubs they use is awesome
good service with friendly price . i order $ num special plate with soup and all you can eat salad .
the food here was surprising very very good . i've eaten here a few times and i enjoy every visit .
amazing . just go see for yourself .
how can you screw up a breakfast burrito ... the eggs were dry and way too much bacon .
prices are a bit high but the flavors are good and the topping selection is awesome !
love the beer , the outdoor courtyard is really great , octoberfest here is fun .
when you thought the chop salad couldn't get any better ... then there was cowboy ciao :)
awesome place . go for the cigars and stay for the moscow mules . great patio for relaxing as well .
great customer service . they finished a cracked i phone in num minutes . highly recommend .
delicious food , awesome cocktails , and gorgeous atmosphere ! ! our new favorite restaurant !
great option before a show at caesars . good food . good service . solid choice .
probably the most unbelievably amazing meal i've ever had . seriously every item just perfect .
sort of late hours , acceptable coffee , a good playlist , and close to the light rail !
crappy , overpriced food , but thank you based black eye ( 2 shots of espresso in brewed coffee omg ) .
when you come for coils and end up getting bomb juice and good music in the background
the portions are huge so definitely worth the money . great for brunch and the food is delicious .
caramel sea salt ice cream is my favorite of all time .
try the pizza or a burger . both are very good . nice upstairs patio !
not open on num num . out of business ? waste of a cab ride from the strip .
accommodation were great , they seated 5 when we had reservation for 4 . oysters were really great !
best pizza in arizona ! great service . my favorite dive !
just had a chicago dog with the works and watched a baseball game for lunch .
the best buffet ever ! i'll come again next time in town !
amazing guys . came out right away to fix a problem on my screen with warranty . would use again .
great ambience , great poutine . couldn't have asked for more . nice find in a fun area !
this shop either moved or went out of business . there's an antique shop at this address .
interesting take on the egg waffle with a little green tea ice cream quite delightful
coach was having a sale this day . more than num percent off . got my mom a great bag and purse .
my favorite breakfast spot the service is always great and the good is delisious and inexpensive !
cool spot , nice decor ! descent music , ok staff .
nice variety of flavors . cool outdoor seating . located just south of roosevelt .
great place with tasty treats ! absolutely love the ice cream names !
not bad . went here because of the food network . it didn't wow me , but its a good place to try .
if you're not ordering a ' shroom burger you're doing it wrong .
service is excellent / friendly ... sushi is fresh ... portions are large and price is great
delicious food and mojitos ! my server belinda was very attentive and gave great recommendations
great place to visit if u are in pit . lots of character , friendly staff and no nonsense good food .
it's a nice local place with friendly staff and good food .
busy atmosphere with great coffee and snacks !
these guys were very helpful . ask for caleb and eli they will hook you up w a great deal .
good place to eat , food is delicious , staff is amazing , will definitely comeback again
really good pizza and great atmosphere ! we will be back , assuming we can find parking .
i love fillis but food poising by myself and a friend on separate occasions . #neverforget
this place is overwhelmed with scorpions . whatever you do , don't rent from these people .
sehr lecker , faire preise und keine langen wartezeiten . familienunternehmen mit herz
carmelo is great ! we've been going to him for years . i would highly recommend this location .
worth a visit . great espresso . yummy treats & nice service . good neighborhood . highly recommend .
excellent customer service , friendly technician and office staff , and timely service .
i'm not a big fan of mexican food , but i love their chips and queso !
great beer selection . food used to be better . great wait staff and service .
i've been here twice for dry cleaning . kinda expensive but they did a good job .
delicious food . warm atmosphere . great service . i'd suggest making a reservation on a saturday .
honest & helpful ... he has been our family mechanic for num + yrs ... wouldn't go anywhere else ...
great venue , if you are so lucky to have one of your favourites have a show here .
it was ok not great not bad . good for the basics--bed , shower . no free shuttle services
really good pizza from a food truck ? yep . not epic but good .
one of my favorite places to eat in the area ! love the all you can drink concept as well ~
french toast was pretty good .
great bbq ! the ribs were probably my favorite but the brisket and chicken were great too .
stunning hotel with majestic decor . truly enjoyed our stay and the central downtown location .
great brisket , good ribs , great beans , mediocre pulled meat . sauce on the side .
the appetizers at this place are amazing ! they have the best cheeses , hummus , and bruschetta .
mediocre . drinks were fine , but overall not good bar-b-que .
this had to be the worst place in scottsdale . they didn't even have napkins . never again .
best salad i have ever had . rotisserie chicken , avocado , goat cheese . favorite restaurant .
excellent customer service and fantastic food ! !
false advertising , i'd rather eat at the cal for oxtail . better service better food .
the food is really good here , the gluten free pizza is to die for !
finally a place with giant salads ! ! ! good prices ! cute staff
very good buffet . loved the bananas foster crepe !
food is excellent , good ole home cooking . we shopped afterwards and staff is very friendly !
some of the most professional and pleaseant staff . helpful and friendly all of the time
the food was great but the day after not so great . bad stomach pain . and constantly throwing up .
meh . big portions but my sushi was flavorless . waiter wasn't very good . probably won't go back .
nice place , good collection of vegetarian soups .
great homemade food . will be back again to try the lunch menu . breakfast was delicious .
my favorite brunch place in ahwatukee . food is consistently very good .
top notch , fresh sushi with wonderful service and beer on the menu from the local micro brewery .
value , fun , good people !
awesome food ! ! always a sure bet for great mexican food . open late . green chile our awesome ! !
broth is bomb . spring rolls and egg rolls so good . lots of variety on menu for noodles ! !
service - very lacking
yum yum delish !
we liked it so much , we picked up a couple pizza to share with our family visiting from california !
always friendly service . great food . no complaints , delivery available , and they are open late ! !
roller sets are now $ num . remember , a reservation will ensure the party gets off to a great start !
for the quality : price ratio , you're better off making the trip to marathon instead .
quite and cozy spot to grab a night cap ! got to have fun at a place that provides board games !
just admit to being a hipster already and you'll fit right in ! best red velvet cake ever !
would recommend to all my friends and family
they will make you items not on the menu . nice family-owned place and real chinese food
love this place ! decent price for such good food ... i wish they had another location .
food was spicy . not really flavorful . the service was excellent however !
always awesome service ! ! great drinks specials with great food ! chill relaxed atmosphere !
small bakery with delicious sweets !
this place is amazing everyone is so friendly and does a great job . alaina is an amazing stylist .
caleb and haley kick serious ass behind the bar . love the plaza burger and staff here . sweet vibe .
goood burgersss one star off for the num minute wait :(
service is great !
amazing food , amazing ambiance , great host / hostesses , phenomenal setting - love this place ! !
food was very good , it hit the spot . can't wait to return for the pho , and other thai dishes !
i really like their salad !
nice casual carry out or eat in by the slice . it is fun location at csu campus
freundlicher laden mit gutem service
the food is absolutely delicious ! ramon is an exceptional bartender ! love this place !
i found the service here slow and the staff were stiff . the food was bland just like my review .
pretty gooood especially the cheese fries , stays crispy
i don't know why i love rich tree so much but i always do ( always fun memories )
holy crap , a wall to wall $ h ! @ show of humanity and slow service . stay away when it's busy .
precooked dry meat ! not worth a penny for their food ! poor service ! i wouldn't recommend !
great experience . service was very fast and efficient . hot towel wipe at the end was a nice touch .
their buffet taste delicious . especially oxtail soup . love it . all of their food are good .
the food was good but the only down fall is the side portions are small for the price you pay .
to accommodate your schedule !
great trainers , awesome soundtrack and everyone there is in awesome shape - super inspiring ! ! !
always enjoy time at the lodge . great bar to watch the games . friendly staff and solid bar food .
my favorite cupcakes ! a lot of gluten free options .
great food , great service ! not one bad thing to say . two thumbs up all the way around
it be jamming and can't wait til they get alcohol and food there it'll be a turnt up bar
some of the best chinese food in town , the staff is very friendly and the food is always fresh .
jill made a slow night for me and the guys a bit more fun ! thanks !
great food and beer . really enjoy grandma's potroast and their amber beer .
great find , off the beaten track . sampled a couple of ipa's . really liked the double ipa .
update : went back . i think they rehired the old kitchen staff ! the food is great once again . :) )
pizzahhhh cookieeeeeeee mmmmmmmmmmmm
this place is always on point . donald was so very helpful , knowledgeable , and quick ! thanks again !
don't order on the phone , they will forget about it and claim they never got it . - __ -
impeccably presented and cooked to perfection !
waited num minutes . wasn't acknowledged , only customer in line . turned around and left .
the best soup and spring roll in montreal . rated 4 stars because the wasrooms are disgusting .
awesome food :) try their pho and pasta and etc ! it's a small business go support them !
we had a group of num and the food was incredible . the service was good but not great .
really enjoyed the guacamole , a bit pricey
i don't trust them at all .
found this place online and it was the best experience i had . super friendly staff . thank you
amazing staff , great food , wonderful single malt scotch selection . try the fries in curry sauce !
the s'mores cookie is exceptional . served warm and gooey !
excellent bbq , i consider myself a expert as i lived in kansas city for 4 years . you will love it .
this place is one of my favorites ! the heart attack roll is the best ! very affordable and fresh .
how can they serve it and don't know about it ?
this food here is the best ever . i recommend this to everyone ... im hooked on there food
by far the most incredible mexican restaurant in vegas ! the sopas are my favorite appetizers
in and out for drug screen in num minutes . natalie was wonderful , efficient , and very professional .
five stars for the g-spot . last time i was there , the toasted almond . omg mmm .
really helpful bartender , nice staff , free parking and a dive barish vibe . good place .
the kids love this place . it reminds us of back home in brooklyn ny on church ave off of ocean ave .
this was an awesome experience they were quick , friendly and sharp .. will definitely come back
great place to practice . sims are accurate , bright and current . staff and facility is top notch .
tacos were fantastic and flour tortilla was also one of the best i've had in the valley .
omg amazing restaurant loved the service and the manager . i will be making this a regukar stop .
not enough sexy lingerie , we want more smut !
a good meal , with decent service .
i had a wonderful overall experience getting plenty of help with purchasing an engagement ring !
pork belly tacos . amazing ! you have to get them - probably my favorite food in charlotte
pan asia is good ! i love their salads ! beware that they do traditional thai spicy ! ! !
just up the street form our house so it's a easy go to when we don't want to cook at home .
awesome pizzeria . the bread is fantastic . nice and calm atmosphere . but the ice though ... so great !
best mexican food in town . fast and friendly service . 2 item combo for num not to shabby .
clean remodeled and free wifi . great land version of target .
love the all natural , no preservative baked goods with the fresh ginger tea . excellent service .
excellent customer service . great way to start the day or a quick , light alternative for lunch .
good for altar bar . but they didn't have fries ...
this way better than other sub places for the same price . free soft serve with your order . awesome .
we love this place with one caveat . the girls at the counter rock . the boys are dumb as dirt .
love the ghost pepper wings and cheese fries . great tv and service . will go back for sure .
too much salt . no vegetables . no service .
this place is amazing ! so glad we found it . the boba gnush and hummus were incredible .
repeat : unlikely
best dog park we've ever seen . very large , beaches , water , obstacle courses . very nice .
it is one of my favorite restaurant . food are special and delicious . i strongly recommended .
:p
an authentic mexican place . a lot like joints in el paso .
food and price are good . nice clean space . employees need to be a little more experienced .
great service by the guy from new york ... very informative and helpful ... best e juice around ...
good food , authentic and plentiful . fair prices and excellent selection . a neighborhood favorite !
best pho ! very reasonably price . the pho was hot and comforting . i had it twice in one weekend .
cool local spot , i had a mac and cheese burger and was underwhelmed . the fries were killer , though .
friendly service , good tasting food . lots of tvs and good happy hour drink prices .
love this place great happy hour and friendly staff and perfect to watch sports
great food for the price . fast , friendly service . i plan to go back
thank you
rooms are great ! housekeeping did a great job ! prices are a bit high but its vegas ! had fun here !
i've been to a couple of eyebrows r ' us , but anita is the best ! i don't go anywhere else now .
food , service , and look very good . four stars . by the way try the cake .
ended up sick after eating here . never again ! ! !
one of the most disgusting hotels i've ever stayed in . the location is good though .
nicht zu empfehlen ! ! !
the food tasted like it was microwaved instead of cooked fresh . i've had better .
great adult sized games and definitely a great time ! love coming here .
some discounts are really worth ... had the large veg topping pizza ... awesome
great chicken , great portion , affordable price . chicken poutine from here is a boon .
atmosphere great . food average .
la maison
a ok . good food , a wide variety . looong line and vegas price tag , but worth a try :)
you're missing out if you haven't eaten here . your taste buds are in for a treat . superb !
great service and yummy food . airports don't often provide this level of eatery .
open late which is nice to catch a drink while you're walking through the hotels
great pizza , great service , great staff ! i'm very lucky to have this place so close to my home !
we were super excited to try this restaurant but it was ok ... rather disappointed !
loved my visit ! i'm nearly num months pregnant and the whole visit was comfortable and pleasant !
ive only been there twice but i got what i wanted so thats all that matters
great food and service . amy was our server and was excellent . can't say enough good !
bacon popcorn , short ribs and our waiter sam were all phenomenal . drink pours were light .
the food was just ok but too overpriced , not to mention the customer service .
i like this place . they have fat free frozen yogurt in pistachio which is amazing .
best doctor in las vegas ! ! ! super friendly , knowledgeable & makes you feel comfortable .
excellent repas et un excellent service ..
waited for num minutes in prominent area of restaurant - completely ignored - left - avoid ! !
my goto restaurant . the churrasco de cerdo is the best thing on the menu , next to the tres leches .
really good food . try the cali omelet with some gravy on the side ... yum . with the wait ! ! !
authentic grocery deli and restaurant ... great staff and the best philly cheese ! ! !
not too bad ! get the fried cheese curds - - yum ! good selection of beer , too .
nice place for a quick meal . always get their bowls and the staff is always amazing to us
always get the extra crispy haddock with sweet potato fries and it is perfect !
good southern soul food ! real mac n cheese ... best greens i've have in az hands down !
this is the gigantic sports bar downtown that everyone forgets about . so that has to say something .
great drink options and specials . service was great . lots of food options to choose from .
excellent service and advice from everyone . alex is amazing . first tattoo and maybe not the last .
they ran out of boba last time i came here . :-( and it was num hours before they closed .
excellent food , service had a little bit of a snotty attitude . would def try again tho
great customer service . helpful and friendly but not overly pushy . good selection on glasses .
this place never gets my order right . i wish i could give num stars . i'm never going back .
favorite sandwich spot . not one sandwich i didn't like .. clean fast and friendly location .
good beer , ipa is very good great bartender , tried some wings but it was ok . beer is very good
i would easily come back here if not for the burger but for the rhubarb lassi . amazing !
honestly nothing too special . was slightly expecting more and better quality
great place for late night eats , although portions were a bit smaller than expected .
if you like complete anarchy and yet-to-be-named germs ; come on in the cesspool's fine
no decent gigs in anymore : (
bonnie is superb with lashes . i love my lash extentions !
great service from the endless mimosas to the huge variety of food and the nice staff .
came here for bachelorette party and customer service was horrendous
large wine selection and a unique venue . only purchased wine and cheese board . entrees $ $ $ .
always great breakfast ! the chocolate chip pancakes are amazing and the muffins are spectacular !
dr . cooper and his entire staff are amazing . i actually look forward to my check ups !
it's a great haircut , i get a lot of compliments !
great variety of food . excellent service , the staff very friendly . quiet and relaxing atmosphere !
servings are generous . wife and i split a dish to keep it light , turkey pita . excellent
great plain fare at a very reasonable price , helpful staff , and close to the rock and roll museum
delicious food , amazing pineapple infused vodka ... great service ...
amazing quality and tasting food , and excellent welcoming service . new favorite for sure !
great service , fast , friendly , honest , jeremy and matt do a wonderful job .
prices are good and wow the mocha crappy is amazing . and their cannolis are bomb
one of my favorite spots in vegas to go eat , drink , take a date . great food great staff
family business , great customer service , reliable , honest , fast , friendly .
great place , great popcorn , great ice-cream . best movie place in a country . love it
love sushi ... sometimes understaff ... like the live & dj music ...
always enjoy the wings , fries and beer ! great place .
the food was delicious !
great service by tony and also fast . he fixed to heels in less that num minutes . $ num . not bad .
awesome local sushi . very friendly and sushi is top notch . this is our new favorite place .
best irish bar in the valley and in fact the only real irish pub in the valley . period .
i make better nachos drunk in my bathtub . cool music videos , though . decent location .
fantastic place to get hard to find sodas and candys ! my favorite is grape fruit soda !
great service , lots of t . v . ' s , varied menu . definitely one to put on our regular list .
went their rrcently . out of towners found this cafe with friendly service and great food .
first time in this restaurant and i am greatly impressed . great one for trying some german food .
the sound here is awful , it needs to be at least four times louder . worst concert ever .
my favourite burger joint in toronto . i usually get the holy smoke and fries . never fails .
my appointment was set for num and i didn't end up getting out of there till num . so ridiculous
great place to enjoy classic street tacos with an amazing flavor profile ! yum ! highly recommend
website and yelp list restaurant hours for sunday , opens at num pm . in reality num pm .
good fish tacos , good margaritas , good guac , friendly service - what more could you ask for ?
this place serves the best sushi ! the service is great also .
the head chef left . sushi & service suffers terribly .
burnt to a crisp . and thankfully so . this place is closed . we are all thrilled .
quality sushi for the price ! ! ! love coming here for happy hour ! keep up the great work sushiholic !
awesome sunday evening at the venue , good crowd and the bar tenders were to perfection !
omg ! ! ! that's is the best sea food in las vegas ... it is a must do when you come here
beautiful store , great selection and the employees are friendly and helpful ! thank you ! ,
i love going to china chili for lunch because they are so fast ! the food is delicious too !
this is the only long lasting best place to eat and have drinks at mandalay bay .
it's cool . no doubt , its amazing to be up that high ! the view at night is spectacular .
highly recommend ! ! ! best carpet cleaners in town ! ! ! you guys always do an awesome job ! ! thank you
yum ! salsa is divine and you get bean dip as well with the chips !
such a fun experience ! great idea for a num or num date ;)
bomb.com and a great happy hour too !
best damn chicken sandwich in the state .
they have special discounts on wings on wednesday . not the best , but good for a grad student ! :)
war okay
delicious ices creams ; good service - always great to discover a hidden gem in edinburgh .
good food ... nice restaurant ! ! ! lots of fun ...
always good and fresh ! i work at the officemax in the area and these people are fast and friendly ..
owner really nice guy . friendly and the shaved ice is more like shaved cream . delicious .
what can i say ? just see my review for bourbon steak as it applies here as well . hasta luego .
very expensive , alot of hidden charges with designs , so be wise and ask questions .
roccos pizza is delicious and monday's extra large pizza special is a great value too .
teeny tiny portions , not enough to take even a second bite , even if you liked it , which we did .
awesome owners and fantastic food . reasonably priced and great service .
top beratung , tolle auswahl , genau mein stil ! sportlich chic bis elegant .
i do love the staff here at morgans . cool w my kid raging and w the coupons .
great selection and upkeep of machines . be a pinball wizard here !
chile rellenos this time , which were great , but the sopapillas were stale . decent chips and salsa .
service was good but food was average , prices were high compared to other pho houses .
another great meal ! i drive from buckeye just for this . had a macho burrito pollo = excellent
ordered six different flavors in advance . perfectly packaged - perfectly delicious !
expensive compared to other supermarkets in town and seems to mainly sell junk food and sweets
the food was all really good . i love that they cooked thier carne asada fresh not like filibertos
great service . from online booking to airport dispatch to drop off . very reasonable pricing .
amazing personalized service ! i love dubina and hope it sticks around for a long long time ! ! !
great northern italian food-a small restaurant but very cozy , excellent service-spectacular food
order the sashimi platter , duck soba and calamari . and sit outside on the patio :) .
had a great mani-pedi here today . very relaxed atmosphere and staff . will return !
felt like i was home in nj / ny at a deli , good food nice people .
love the selection ! plus the staff is always helpful and friendly .
called to check on status on prescription . suzanne was very rude short . very poor customer service .
beautiful crust and fast service ! my bf and i ate a slice and a knot for a light dinner under $ num !
one of my favourite bakeries ! must try !
closed - this is now la canasta .
omar is a g . gives some sick cuts .
osetra caviar and ice cold russian vodka . need i say more .
food is average . dal makhani was excellent . desserts were over sweet . service is very slow
service is hit or miss but amazing sports bar . no dui taxi and the owner is big cards fan .
recommended ! !
amazing new york style pizza and food for a very reasonable price !
my wife love there food here . i would come back again really good customer service and fast too .
can't i just say wow wow wow three times ?
i have no beef with tjs , just one thing though , better produce !
pretty good and good prices . kind of busy ! and the mac and cheese is delish
a decent and affordable chinese buffet . come on people , stop complaining !
we love this place ! ! ! great pizza at very reasonable prices . wings are really good too .
a great place to get away from the las vegas strip ! ! !
beautiful view on patio , comfortable chairs and table , attentive staff . burger and tuna melt good
good services . nice food . had a lot of fun grilling and eating .
great laffa . shawarma is giant , enough for 2 people if you don't want to feel stuffed .
tamisha was super nice & friendly . great mid day snack . show you're mlife & you get a discount
fun experience , but crowded as hell !
our favorite go-to spot . get the pad thai or chicken thighs , with a kale aid or margarita to drink .
smaller dishes , but much lighter , healthier , and more refreshing than many other brunch spots .
the service was great and the food was even better . light but filling , tons of flavor and so fresh !
friendly staff , great price , nice bar in lobby , free buffet breakfast
i grew up eating here , and when i'm in town , i still stop in for a grinder ! delicious and fresh !
i think i've found my new favorite asian restaurant . the food is absolutely unique and delicious .
straightforward delicious food , trendy but not too , real locavore place .
aram did an excellent job on resizing my ring . it looked better than it did before :)
patio on a sunny afternoon makes up for the overpriced food .
food was decent but on the expensive side . the games on sports tv channels was comprehensive .
good bacon and pork . was disappointed by the gumbo . a little on the heavy side .
they are fantastic . balanced and installed my chrome rims . great work at a nice price .
excellent ! i love sheetz ! mto for life ! please bring one to toledo , ohio
highly recommended ! my kids and i love the friendly staff and service we get there .
great staff , very helpful , large inventory , instruction offered . support local !
average food . clean restaurant . fast service . wish server wasn't hovering and staring so much .
best consignment store hands down ! such a fun experience ! prices are crazy good !
billy chang is outstanding . his customer service skills are the main reason i keep coming back .
once again ... it's starbucks and i'm a self proclaimed addict ... love it , gotta have it :)
love the store always find good stuff
love claudia and her crew ! ! they do an excellent job . been with them for 4 years .
i swear i can't fit any more in my pantry ! there r just too many to buy !
dr . usleman and staff were phenomenal . i would highly recommend central phoenix eye care
great customer service - easy to work with and goes out of their way to assist you . recommend
quick delivery and a great staff .
$ num to have a jacket and pants pressed ? gtfo of here ... i'll try elsewhere next time ...
real good food.worth . the price .
clean room with friendly service . i would recommend it for your traditional hampton stay !
my first time in an authentic korean restaurant . food was excellent with healthy size portions
this wal mart stinks ! ! ! it's dirty , poorly organized , and the shoppers are often jerks .
amazing , so much fun . had such a great time using mr teazer for our kissagram . many thanks
num minutes for a latte , with only two more cars in front of me ? ! you've gotta be kidding me ! ! !
unfortunately two dad's is closed . really sucks because i really enjoyed this place .
it's my morning spot everyday ! it has its busy times but they work through the lines pretty quick !
great service ! patrick was very nice and prompt . i appreciated their flexibility in scheduling .
great self car wash . spot free was exactly that " spot free " ... good clean location .
super fast , efficient , friendly , and knowledgeable . no lines , no frustration ... just prompt service !
this place is a good option for food on fremont street . great atmosphere and good bloody marys .
very good sushi and the service was so speedy and good , thanks to our superb waitress .
good place to go for some cheap pizza and beer .
security is useless , vip is terrible service and staff is rude !
the best place to drink delicious hand crafted cocktails in down town cleveland , period !
lots of drinking and driving .
by far one the quickest and friendliest airport around the western part of this country .
the pizza was very good and the knots ! !
love the food , fast friendly service . absolutely love the chips w bean dip when i first sit down .
absolutely love this place selina was very nice to me and dr rick helped me so much with my pain ! !
always a sure bet . had octopus there for the first time this past winter and was impressed .
great local place with a huge menu . only eaten breakfast but it is one of the best in town .
this place has really good mexican food and a very nice ambience .
if you want a foodgasim i strongly advise you to check postino's out for yourself .
always come here food is always fresh and yummy ! always good service fast and friendly :)
great food especially when coming home drunk from the club lol .
same taste like mexico city ... a + a + a +
yummy . the family stopped by furring vacation . good stuff .
thanks to these guys ! fixed my flat in no time and for free . they were really nice too .
we started using them for our cat when we were out of town for a few days and they are excellent !
yup , this place is good . great wait staff and great food . just go and enjoy !
had the poke salmon bowl . was pretty fresh but the portion was too damn small for the price ...
+ good flow
sinatra chicken ... amazing flavor some together and you don't want it to end . so very good !
good food , large portions , they brew there own beers with good choices . will be here again .
excellent italian beef sandwich , it was huge . onion rings and ice creams also quite good :)
great restaurant for both eating in and take out . the smoked duck curry is very tasty .
excellent sushi ! friendly fast service ! i will definitely go again !
yes it was a sunday and yes it was a wait but a hour and still no food . got up and left .
nice korean food for a lunch break - it has a strong student life vibe and friendly crew .
great taco salad and bbq sandwich . never disappointed . very cowboy feel to the place .
yum tacos .. awesome salsa bar .. near my campus ... all things bueno ..
tasty doughnuts and great staff . they know their stuff , just ask them for recommendations .
best bar in cleveland . the moscow mule here will rip your dick off it's so good
the workers are always very friendly . the food is consistently good . it's a great sandwich shop .
good service . one of my favorite dispensaries . not to far from my house . reasonable prices .
love the atmosphere ! the food is yummy too . not the five star dining experience but fun !
had the best meatloaf of my life at this place . great ambiance and drinks . highly recommend it ! !
have since been back and still love this place . fun , friendly staff and great inexpensive food . :)
good food , service is okay they forget easy and have to keep reminding for everything .
i come here often . the theaters are almost always clean and the staff is generally friendly .
best mexican food in phoenix , everything was perfect . can't go wrong with anything on the menu .
there is a good barber and a bad one . especially bad on men cuts . the shop looks and smells good
one of the best breakfasts ever ! ! huge portions , really good eggs , homefriends , pancakes . big win !
came by for a oil change , great staff , great price . will return for business . - bmw num
best za in msn
there dealers can make you rich , can't say much about there hotel
i've always had good experiences here . everyone seems very competent and professional .
my order was good and delivered on time . i also liked the domino's tracker online with animation .
good stuff , try the jewish sliders :) . be ready for a long wait at lunch time .
love this place ! ! ! the wings are good . the pizza is to die for . i can eat here every week !
first time we came to jimmy john's the food was great place is clean nice atmosphere .
solid spot for a good , clean meal . quick and healthy if you are on the run . a new ' go to ' for sure
tuna carpaccio ! but the sad part is it's only one order per person during ayce . =(
it was decent . if i'm in the mood for an italian beef sandwich ( which isn't often ) , i'd go back .
put a menu online ! fb page doesn't work - hurting takeout business !
i love their food , but their attitude kinda suck ! ! !
great food ! service could be a little bit better but overall , authentic mexican food .
excellent sushi . great for a little stop for a craving or an entire meal .
this place was great . wife and i went for a date . even brought the kiddo . great food and atmosphere
yum ! frozen hot chocolate for $ num ! enough said .
quaint , hip little bookstore with a nice variety of books and gifts .
the dj for parties does not know how to work the crowd and my sister paid a lot , bad dj for parties
i love cbtl ice tea .
move over fresh ! this place is taken over ! friends whenever you want to do a lunch date ! i'm there !
food was amazing . our server kevin was the shit . if you live in the southwest area come here asap .
outstanding dog park . well maintained . best we have seen anywhere .
great customer service , quality mx service . carl is a pleasure to do business with , will be back !
fantastic food ! great prices . yummy .
hefe is so fun and the hosts are so nice , especially brynn ! she helped us get a table immediately !
love the deli ! ! ! the deli department is outstanding ! !
great hotel ! i'll def be back to stay here ! very friendly employees , amazing breakfast !
had breakfast here today and it's now my new favourite spot ! love the club !
excellent food . got the combo meat lover for two . the meat is high quality and good variety .
it's the closes best chicken katsu & bbq plates in the west valley . price is reasonable & worth it .
it's average . nothing great , but cheap and clean . there are better places to stay .
great results and well worth the investment ! staff follows through and gets things done !
place was great . we came back a second time and the service and food was also at its best
very pretty park ! i love the skyline of the park and buildings across the way .
great chippy by the sea .
shrimp tacos ! these really are the best i have had . i have eaten them 3 days in a row before .
great food good prices . little hole in the wall joint definitely worth experiencing .
this place is so hood . one day i will find a three armed shirt , and i will buy it .
food was quick and easy . plenty tasty for the low cost . the short walk from the rio was worth it .
pretty awesome burgers . they are tasty and a great size . really good french fries too !
good hangover breakfast . huge portions . angry service . get the sausage .
absolutely love this place , great food and great service . lobster burger is my favorite .
criss angel is amazing ! his stunts will confuse you probably for the rest of your life .
great bbq , brisket , and chicken wings , but the sides were underwhelming .
excellent service from a professional and caring team ! good diagnosis and treatment well worth it .
too pricy for me for dinner , but i have had a couple of lunches here . steak sandwich is very good !
getting a " bobbie " is how we start our vegas visit each and every time . its thanksgiving on the go !
tried 3 different dishes and was super impressed . a pretty penny but totally worth it .
i always get a great carwash from there and a free tire air check @ discount tire next store !
superklasse eis . selbst eine lange anfahrt lohnt . leider wenig platz auf der terasse zum sitzen .
= don't waste your time or money
very very spicy greens and beans . dry aged steak frites . remember to share with a friend !
good food when you finally get it . customer service is garbage . don't bring out food in order
this is a wilkins twp gas station . across from shop n save - not near squirrel hill , as noted .
pretty little place with great dessert ! good coffee too ! totally new experience for dessert . :)
douchebags , short skirts and crappy house music . perfect for num year old range .
with num trucks around there was so much to choose from but can't go wrong with the short leash dog
good service :-)
mazi knows his stuff . honest care from good people . do yourself a favor ... go see these guys .
thanks greg
al dente has closed and signage has a new indian restaurant opening up soon .
waste of money . 1 of 2 coasters was broke . the rest are kiddie rides . outdated and overpriced .
there was a mermaid * swimming in the pool . that is all . * with a fish tail and e'rythang
num visit had the teriyaki ... fine if you like salt . ick !
we tried several beers , all good ! food was great too ! good service ! nice before a baseball game !
local , fresh , and delicious food ! need to check this great new food truck out !
love this place they have kastyke beer which is my favorite i will recoment anyone to try it .
worst bakery in vegas that i tried
qt ! woot woot ! best convient store ever created . period .
i was informed by the cook / owner that they no longer use any msg in there menu .
service was outstanding and the selection was great i highly recommend this restaurant .
eating dinner with family . food is very good ... servers are very friendly . good environment ...
can't wait for it to heal so we can do a little more shading
amazing white pizza ! we also love the breadsticks . def favorite pizza in monroeville so far
there burgers are ok ... for fresh fries , they need more salt ..
we love the enchiladas here , and of course the margaritas . and quite inexpensive for the area .
awesome ! ! ! finally a place with real eastern nc style que . best bbq sandwich i've had in a while .
pizza topping combinations are excellent and the crust is thin and delicious . well worth the visit !
good customer service matt was very helpful my iphone num lcd broke he fix now it look new
typical olive garden . good food . poorly designed lobby with nowhere to wait for a table .
poor service . not customer sensitive . i would not recommend giving this shop your business .
food and service are ok . there are much better places to go to for lunch .
i'm so happy with the way my eyebrows turned out . neelo is great with cleaning and shaping them !
first time great portion size , good quality , healthy choices and fast service at lunch !
was hung up on twice by a lady named jamie , i guess they have more business than they can handle .
my son cannot wait for this to open . he is so excited . lea is the best at what she does .
great service and amazing price . and come to install in ur place . $ num for toyota solara .
bambi and dr.hankins are a amazing team couldn't be happier with the results ... thanks
this our family's best place to dine . we live the food here and we eat till we explode ! !
will definitely return .
good food and great service . portions were surprisingly large and wonton soup was great .
best burrito i've had in a while . haven't had one with sour cream but it was amazing !
the food was really good but it felt like the waiter was russian us through our meal
it was a decent place to relax before heading on my flight . the food and service was alright .
you will not believe that the " salmon " is actually vegetarian . really great imitation meats here .
fantastic service , really excited with the selection available !
food never disappoints . for a restaurant chain , have to say quality is pretty good !
excellent , professional and great dentist . if you're in scottsdale , you've got to come here first .
top notch burger . tasted like a bar burger or even better , but way cheaper .
good food , fast service and welcoming staff . would definitely return and recommend !
the best fried seafood in vegas ! the hush puppies and the delish sauce are a must to order !
food , service , dessert , and water is excellent ! i wish we had this in virginia beach .
a reasonably priced decent all you can eat cod fish fry . friendly staff - ask for jerron !
i didn't know it was possible to mess up macaroni and cheese . mac shack has proven me wrong . twice .
this location is one of the worst panda express . ( food & customer service ) espeacially on weekends .
i call in my order , they have it ready in num . always always fantastic food and service !
nice atmosphere and a good value . lacked in variety but everything was fresh and yummy .
nice hotel , will stay here again . clean , quiet , comfortable . breakfast is not included .
a must stop in vegas ! love the banana nut muffin . all food is great here !
i was disappointed by their noodless . the menu pictures are very misleading . most of it was bland .
easy to get an appointment . really nice . reasonably priced , and they do a great job !
had lunch today and it was great . spring rolls and chicken with noodles were outstanding .
absolutely delicious doubles ... only complaint - ate them all ... gotta go back to buy more ! ! :-d
food was not well spiced and the lamb khorma was sweet ( sugar added ) . service subpar .
best barber shop in town . try to always get josh he is awesome . great atmosphere and always busy .
great salon . awesome service . i got french tips for my toe nails and they look beautiful .
everything that we have had from here has been amazing . the pear cranberry pie is yummy ! !
sean was a fantastic server ! great food . this was a perfect spot and pleasant dining experience .
great place for a quick bite at a reasonable price . very fast service too !
amazing customer service terry at the cashier is great .
as soon as we step inside the restaurant , we are back to japan . happy place !
it's hard to impress me and i am impressed . very good selection and good service ! fresh food !
such an amazing , fresh margarita ! ! ! love it ! amber is a great bartender . definitely recommend it !
great buffet with a wide variety of foods in each station ! i enjoyed it . reasonably priced !
excellent job and got the tint done very quickly . would highly recommend this place to others .
authentic french bistro . beautiful crepes , amazing coffee and a charming atmosphere .
they're " fresh handmade ravioli " was frozen in the center . this place is full of shit
delicious and great service highly recommend ! ! ! try coffee , donuts , or tea all outstanding .
as good as diner food gets ! great staff , great food and the value is much appreciated .
very affordable as well no frills kind of place
the sliders are my favorite . they blow white castle out the water . the nachos are pretty good also !
easily the best sushi i've ever had . the red snapper was an amazing experience .
best salon ever ! i'm so sad to be moving soon and i will miss david and steven terribly .
was craving teriyaki ... had to go somewhere else ... kyoto bowl is closed .
awesome food , awesome service . went two days in a row because the reuben is incredible .
great fishmonger , superb range and really helpful staff . one of edinburgh's best .
amazing . they have everything and the prices are very fair . tons of rentals too .
really great cider , good complimentary potato chips , decent music selection .
the lunch specials are very tasty and very affordable . table salsa is particularly good .
yum ! had the sea salt caramel and it was awesome ! very clean and lots of great additions !
love it ! try the salted caramel mocha ! sooo good :)
awesome ! spicy miso ramen blew me away ! this will be our go to ramen spot when we're in vegas ! ! !
have tried pad thai at so many restuarants , but the pad thai served here has no competition ! ! !
love this place el pastor is amazing ! ! staff is awesome super friendly and fast service
food is always great and decently priced . sushi is awesome ! stay clear of their noodle dishes !
our server devon was on top of it !
so friendly and clean ! really enjoyed this quality service & knowing my stuff is in a secure place .
very tasty frozen yogurt . large variety of toppings . a little bit on the expensive side .
very small and you could tell a lot of the people there were under aged
great ! one of the best cirque shows i have seen and a great venue at the bellagio . worth the price .
this place was unbelievably good . any crepe you want , savory or sweet . not to be missed .
the carne asada is king here ! hands down number 1 . cashier is extremely friendly and helpful .
cozy place with yummy pastries and cookies . good service . good place for working and chatting .
went for lunch on saturday , num , looks like it is closed .
great food , but ambiance is like its stuck in a time warp .
from a chef's point of view was not impressed , food was bland and sauce was not so good .
for sure will come back again soon
got the best quote for cash for gold at this shop . beat other cash for gold places by $ num .
great atmosphere , great staff , and spectacular service . a cigar smokers dream palace .
paciguo gelato has been closed since nov num at norterra .
everything was excellent except the coffee . didn't seem to match the quality of food .
extremely poor service and knowledge of malt whisky is pathetic .
pretty sure i got food poisoning from either their spicy tofu or there chili sauce on the table .
very classy ! love the num + crowd on wednesdays . music was alright but def a place to visit .
we love it always awesome great curry fries btw and best brews good job
absolutely love this place , get there early . the wait can be long but the food is so fantastic
a great , quaint little cafe in lacolle . friendly staff and yummy food . note - not open on sundays .
overpriced food and beer . pretzel goes for num dollars and a pint of beer for num .
i ate here today it was a little pricy and the burger was dry i will not be going back
cheap for vegas . quality is on level with dennys
great food . get the carne asada burrito and 3 roll tacos ..
this is my favorite place to get readings always on target , just a great place to visit .
food was bland . service was really slow . and ut was super expensive . will not be going back .
if you want to be lured into a dark cave and treated like trash this is the place for you .
great beer selection . bartender was very friendly as well as the owner who poped in for a while .
this place makes donuts that taste good . i recommend buying some of them . they will make you happy .
heard great reviews but it was just okay . loved our server bit atmosphere was lacking .
decent selection of animals and very clean . i enjoyed myself .
real good food and service . lots of regulars .
very hip hotel and comfortable ~ amazing location ~ great staff all is good at the valley ho ! ! !
had the red velvet cake ice cream it was awesome ! ! !
love andys . great staff behind the bar , ethan and james rock ! great wine list as well .
amazing food and love how they do pomegranate seeds in their guacamole
open late , fast , friendly , cheap pizza , wings , hot sandwiches . halal place in china town .
we ordered a bunch of food delivered to a nearby hotel and the sushi was still awesome .
very good food ! nice crew ! recommend this place to everyone who likes indian cuisine !
great coffee and fantastic baked goods and pastries !
like italian food .
great food , great service , great drinks and great patio . kick in the pants was a favorite :)
great little coffee shop with yummy sandwiches and good coffee .
sehr freundliche apotheke mit nettem personal !
inventory in the computer is way off , customer service is sassy , and the wig looks awful
samantha was a huge help taking care of my packaging needs . very personable and highly attentive .
i love this place ! ! ! you have to try the tacos on taco tuesdays . they're amazing ! and affordable .
they have really good and spicy noodle . and the bbq is awesome ! make me feel back home !
love their teri chicken and mac salad , brings me right back to hawaii
love their shakes ! peanut butter cookie isn't favorite ! staff always super friendly ! love hb !
i went to the one on west sahara . service was fast and the food was delicious ! ! !
a wonderful idea , but wait till you ask them for money . they get ugly really fast .
awesome sushi place . great decor and excellent service .
one of the very best vietnamese restaurants in las vegas !
best whiting fish ever ! yum yum ! ! sooo good . crisp , crunchy , seasoned to perfection .
was in town for business and tried it out . excellent food . hope i get the chance to good back .
wonderful food and service . the crackling of the fireplace really added to the cosy feel !
not again ! i think next time i go to mesa az i will check for non authentic names . i got cheated !
you can never go wrong with sushi burrito ! soho is the best in town . the staff is great .
fresh and made to order ! ! ! loooove everything but especially the breakfast burrito ! ! !
not bad but not great either . meat tends to be rare very very very pink for medium rare
third time here , today with a party of eight service was excellent food also very very good
horrible wings they are not lightly dusted . the service was good and so was the lemonade
nah . my friends did not like the poke / seafood salad ... and i tasted it , it was not good .
this place was great . the food and service were both fantastic . would definitely recommend !
traditional benny and banana nut french toast . this is a great place for breakfast in vegas !
awesome ! helped us everystep of the way .
great food , great atmosphere , great waiter . thank you roman , from the girls of plexus ( team west )
love love love ! best yogurt and sweetest employees ! we drive past 4 yogurt places to get there !
good find !
great restaurants ! the buffet is so pretty & has the best italian food . fun place to hang out .
excellent food excellent service prices are fantastic cannot beat them especially for what you get .
food very good . kids like it too . service a little slow but i wouldn't hesitate to return !
decent prices , very friendly staff , but most importantly great food . the yelp deal also a steal .
my first time to the place , i love the watermelon drink ! ! really good i will come back again
num lunch and late night worth ! ! ! bulgogi nachos are lit ! rice , lit , salad lit , water lit
good music . very expensive drinks . would like to check it out on a friday or saturday night
leurs galettes sont savoureuses ! on nous accueille toujours avec sourire et bonne humeur .
great bagels . no ambience , and the coffee is mediocre , but the bagels are good !
cold beer and ' tater skins - what else do i need before a flight ?
cheesesteaks deliver but the garlic parmesan fries are worth of me writing this review a must get !
my family has been coming to silver state dental for num years . they are great and friendly !
presently surprised when walking in . nicely designed staff was friendly and food was great .
all the reviews are right ! wow ! so good . i had the miso $ num for a bowl of delishesness
salades , sandwiches and more to go or to eat in one of the 3 tables availables .. cafeteria food .
great food , drinks and environment ! love the bubble tea and potstickers .
it doesn't deserve 1 star . wait staff have no customer service skills at all ! ! worst place ever ! ! !
great food and reasonable prices . the service was good but got a bit slower as they got busier .
this is pretty good restaurant but you wait for at least num minutes to an hour to get seated sadly
i went specifically for the curds and left sufficiently happy . bonus that it's also a packers bar .
staff was extremely helpful , and rooms were clean and nicely decorated . very positive experience !
great bakery . don't park close to the entrance or on the road .
love matt's ! simple and delicious ! pancakes are so yummy !
best job ever great prices and quality i will definitely be returning to them again in the future
service is awesome . so nice . every time i am in there . food is great ! love the breakfast burritos !
quick and solid - a good place to grab a sandwich and a lime coke
over priced , coffee tastes burnt .
best damn brewery in the nation , i love it here the people are great , the food and the beer !
dr , luzod has helped me immensely ! very caring and upbeat staff also . thank you for all.you do !
really good food ! you won't be disappointed if you eat here !
great neighborhood salon . the interior is cute and the professionals very good and friendly .
the food is ok . but it's a sad state when a burger , fries and a drink costs num bucks or more .
mhhhhhhh they have a sushi roll called oh mah god ! and literally your like omg ! ! !
add the new york giants sandwich to the menu permanently please ! ! !
oldest irish pub in cleveland ... nice folks working . amazing food ! ! highly recommend this place !
i love this place ! ! best food ever ! ! homemade corn beef and hash and matz ball soup ! !
great space for artwork .
love this place , fresh & flavourful food , wonderful service ! the owner is also very friendly !
we love the pizza and pasta . the apps are good too .
dennis in transportation was a god send ! ! thank you for your great service . booktini loves you .
had a bad experience but the owner was terrific at handling it . will be back
service was a tad slow , but they didn't skimp on my vodka cocktail so it was all good .
i like this place . usually good music , and great staff . the people are always friendly there .
this place is super bomb ! ! i recommend it ! ! so far the nest one ive tried since i moved here to az
a regular breakfast stop for me on the way into town . scones & muffins are both excellent .
just do not go unless it is life or death ... the right hand had no clue what the left was doing ..
can't stand provigo i find it to expensive . compared to maxi anyway
a regular breakfast spot for me as it is better than the chain and local places in the area .
love this buffet . food is always fresh , the selection is plentiful , and the price is reasonable .
loved melissa ! she gave me exactly what i wanted .. left feeling fab . she has a new regular !
amazing customer service friendly staff and amazing crew always willing to go above and beyond ! ! !
liked the mamas curry . best crab rangoon i've had in a while . great waitstaff as well .
cute little resto . friendly staff . delicious food . convenient location . it sure is an a-ok ! !
car wash is ok . their express is not . very slow car wash . even with no line .
first visit here ! customer num today ! excellent service and a very friendly crew ! ! way to impress !
love this little bbq place . great pork sandwich . highly recommend this place to everyone .
i love their poke bowls .. tha lady at the counter is really nice and helpful .. highly recommend ! !
this place is ... delicious ! good price , quick service , and yummy !
this is the place to go in cleveland to get your dim sum fix .
i ordered a custom cake and it was great ! - aesthetically and taste wise .
they are very fast and easy amazing customer service . i will definitely be filing with them again .
the lady that runs this will certainly nickel and dime you , and rip you off as she did us !
hey this winco is clean and tight . waay better than trashy walmart . they got everything you need .
fantastic japanese with super friendly service . the take kano box is a nice surprise .
terrific group to work with . thanks dr . rizik and your staff .
neverming the typo , it's got alll da soul .
handles allergies very well and the food is absolutely delicious . the service is great too .
food was great . nice staff and lovely service . i highly recommend this place if you like sea food
the mexican paella was delicious as was the pastor . it is now on my favorites list .
went for breakfast . accommodating staff . great food , great service . will be sure to visit again .
terrible customer service . did you not read the sign on my door that said no soliciting ? ?
this place is great . i always get my nails done here ! try usually have great discount too .
fun bar to go to ! karaoke was a blast and servers were great ! one of the best bars in the area !
good food , service and price .
three birds did the classy thing and sent us a $ num gift certificate for our troubles .
beautiful hotel with friendly service . very popular and busy . i the pricier side but enjoyable
good pizza , friendly service , and a nice variety of italian food with some personal flavor .
love this place . great buffet . warning , very expensive with pretty long lines at times .
tacos here are fantastic ! try to make it on taco tuesday , but expect to wait a while .
cocktails gut aber teuer , lohnt sich aber allemal
does this restaurant serve coke or pepsi ?
great breakfast . variety store and gas station attached is nice
family owned . cleaning and tailoring . kind and helpful . i would recommend this place !
great service and the sunday brunch buffet is amazing ! check out the chicken tacos too !
. gorgonzola and caprese salads are terrific . check this place out .
fast service , high quality product , helped me with pricing for insurance , and very friendly .
awesome one of a kind donuts . get there early for best selection . my fav maple and bacon
awesome place to get / order a delicious , above-average lunch !
real cool people own the shop , go here for my patches and studs . support your local businesses !
the best thai food i've ever tasted . friendly attentive staff , service is top notch !
really good food ! so impressed with the quality and amazing flavors . we are coming back for sure !
this is another good gourmet restaurant off the strip in a strip mall .
pierogies are outstanding . soft and delicate with a burst of flavor awaiting on the inside . a must !
pretty good review , cept long line at customs .
wonderful classes ! great variety ! dance , workout , yoga ! all instructors are quality and friendly ! ! !
aloha is the best ! dr beckes & dr brooks are the only vets i trust with the health of my dogs .
excellent . accommodated group of num with a full buffet . very reasonably priced . thank you !
great service and food was pretty good ! had fun throwing corn hole and playing jenga !
friendly service , clean location appointments accepted
great service and great food . it was busy but our waiter did take time and get our orders correct
we love san tan brewing company . one of my favorite breweries for sure . food is great as well !
great food and really good service everyone is super nice here , definitely gonna be back .
great breakfast ! great service from teresa ! muffins are fantastic ! try them when you visit .
veronica is awesome ... probably the only one there that knows her stuff ...
i like it here ... less noise , upscale but not snooty ... very convenient location !
absolutely care about pets , but need to make a living .
my first stop once i get to vegas ! never gotten a bad cut and their lines move quick for walk-in .
joseph meridian is a rockstar ! ! ! two tickets one dismissal one fine no points . thank you ! ! !
this place is the bomb every time i come here the meat is fresh and delicious
tasty ... reasonable price , ample portions . the chicken shwarma is delicious .
eggplant , mushrooms , yogurt cheese ( paneer ) , and garlic naan .
really good deep fried fish that is breaded on the spot . tastes fresh . potato salad is very good .
great dinner & great prices for southern italian food . excellent service from our server .
best place for indoor plants . great customer service and huge selections , and best price .
i love this place . the food and service are consistently great . especially the chilean sea bass .
authentic homemade yumminess . clean , friendly and priced right . what more could one ask for ? !
a nice little hangout if it's a nice day and you just want to chill and have a cup of coffee .
loved dealing with this vendor . my order was correct and on time ! ! highly recommend ! ! !
awesome coffee , great service , nice people
prob best sub shop in town . great staff and they deliver ! ! they have a sub that is hard to beat
delicious and the price is great too ! definitely try the macaroon ice cream sandwiches !
i go out of my way to stop here whenever i am in town , best donuts i have ever had anywhere !
i love it ! ask for jozlyn she is an amazing girl ! she'll help you with whatever you need
don't know what the bad reviews are all about . my guy comes every week and my pool is immaculate
seriously , the best tacos ever . staff is so friendly , tacos are so good !
love the buffet ! ! super fresh food and fast service .
excellent service , reasonable price , fast response , professional work ! ! highly recommend .
good food but not amazing . good for a quick affordable meal if you want to avoid fast food .
good food . great mom and pop sports bar .
great service professional , quick and inexpensive . i highly recommend their services .
customer service was awesome kevin answered all my questions will definitely refer my friends !
happy with my experience ! no wait , friendly , & my technician paid attention to detail .
good quality sushi , overall good experience , apart from long wait for the food to be prepared .
we're having fun and a lots of fun ! we're planning to go back again on october ! thank again
rude , disgusting service , ive over num miles with american . never flying usairways again .
get here before num if you want the best choice . no chance of getting basil after num
clearly they need more tsa stations and shorter lines . a little empathy would be good too
awesome place ! love the bar and the expanded menu ! beer , martini , and wine list is awesome !
it is smash burger . i was with family and they wanted to try it . it is okay in my opinion .
good service , cheap price and clean office with free soda , cookies and ice-cream ! ! !
it was your typical ihop , meal was great and mrs donna our server was awesome too ! ! !
it's pbs ... basically the only thing worth watching ... big ups for the news hour
such big slides and best varieties i've seen yet ! thanks faiss for making it so close to home :)
food was delicious , nice part of town in the arts district . fancy sit down but not too expensive
i ordered two desserts both sold out ...
food is from england . love the sausage rolls and you can buy em frozen to take home too !
gute pizza - service war ok .
always amazing service even if i just pop in for bang trim always polite and attentive ! ! !
family owned and operated . very friendly and clean with nice new beds . love these guys !
wow , fausto's is good . everything is made fresh , and it is always busy .
quick pizza that tasted yum , said my son ethan ! we loved it . definitely would come back .
i love this place ! green tea with mango is absolutely fantastic ! great cupcakes and atmosphere .
holy cow ... what a cool vibe . awesome !
nice course , great service , excellent conditions , not crowded , second time here , will be back
the food was tasty but the portions are the smallest i've seen in an italian restaurant .
always satisfied .
great lady and great atmosphere . extremely relaxing hot stone massage .. highly recommended !
great bread not cheap try the pastrami on orig bread
i've never had better tacos anywhere else in the states . the al pastor is straight from heaven .
best wonton soup in vegas .. its not americanized .. real chinese dumpling with lots of shrimp !
great for lunch ! fast , friendly service and good food
great food , amazing drinks and an even better atmosphere , the ping pong tables aren't bad either
i miss this place does anyone know where the sushi chefs went ?
really great to work with . their guys left my yard cleaner than it was before . highly recommend !
yes it is good food . the food definately backs up the name of the restaurant .
great food for the price . service is excellent . breakfast is their specialty .
amazing ! ! ! thank you chanel my mom , matron of honor and i looked perfect for my wedding day !
delicious food and if you're watching your gluten or have a sensitivity , the menu is incredible .
num for two bowls of pho and 2 orders of goi cuon spring rolls . it tasted yummy ! !
will return .
wonderful tiki bar . very fun atmosphere , great dj and asia the waitress was very nice .
sushi , pho , thai ... all amazing . great food , friendly and clean environment !
love the menu names and the food ! i come here for ice cream and their amazing sides . .
ate here twice during olympia weekend last year . great post workout meal !
this place is awesome ! i love the patio . i can't wait until it is fully finished .
best burgers in the area . don't miss the shakes .
justin is hands down the best body combat instructor i've ever had .
absolutely incredible , our first time and it was amazing definitely our new breakfast joint
mary & carl knapp :)
had these guys do about num different parts for me over the last year every piece turned out great .
i like it . the lamb is very delicious ! ! ! the decoration make me feel relax . it's a great place
wish staff was friendlier to studying students
e really .
had a severe toothache and was able to get me in right away . super nice staff . thanks !
delicious and inventive specialty pizza ! the hoagies are amazing ... slice always satisfies !
nice tasty thai food , but too much cauliflower in every curry dish . tomyam is really good !
excellent chicago dog , their church punch is pretty yummy too .
would of given 5 stars , but service is slow ! food is good , but be prepared for a long evening !
excellent . great location , amazing chairs friendly staff . already made my second appointment .
wait was long but worth it . the num steak was delicious . i highly recommend this place .
nice staff . great restaurants and shopping . nice casino . decent rates .
excellent margarita pizza ! we look forward to it when in phoenix airport . try it ; you'll like it !
i highly recommend num . matt did my tattoo and i absolutely love it . will definitely be back .
delicious . i got the salad to go with my huge burger and it was a lot of food but yum .
very helpful folks . found my part , sent me a photo , then shipped it out . couldn't have been easier .
patatas bravas and chorizo al vino . just the right amount of spice and everything that tastes nice .
i went for dinner and was great and staff were very friend and attentive ! ! exotic cocktail
yeah , i agree with the other brian ; how could you go wrong ? best place south of the mason dixon .
great food ! great people ! i think i will bring the family here . servers are very courteous
food was disgusting and my chicken was under cooked , our waitresses was clueless and took forever !
fish are fresh , but they are charging for hot tea for $ 4 / cup . the food is good but way over price .
never have had a poor experience here . very knowledgeable staff , courteous and professional .
i am very happy with the micro current facials , and dermaplane treatments , thanks courtney !
this gym is always clean . front desk staff are courteous and helpful . body pump classes rock !
the management is very attentive to issues that arise .
great place if you like sliced meat sandwiches , steaks , etc . the restaurant is nicer than the deli .
it's a great place to meet some of the brightest dudes on campus .
best place after work ! awesome 2 for 1 between num and num m with free homemade crisps !
lots of great retro outfits here ! good selection of dresses and nice " office " clothes .
the food was delicious , the service was superb . i would highly recommend this restaurant .
amazing flavors all made from scratch and fresh . definitely a place to try and explore your palate .
decent bar food and brews . food is ok . i would compare it to large chain restaurants .
flavorful subs at good prices . yum
very simple homemade type of food ... simplicity at its best . no credit / debit cards accepted
tasty and refreshing .
feels like you're walking into someone's home . amazing food , atmosphere , and cool people .
if it's not the black guy from south america who is cooking don't eat that day
really good spot tucked away in a small lil plaza . great brunch , great place to hang out .
the lamb kabob is great this place is always a good pick for the lunch crowd highly recommended
can't wait to try everything !
food is average . prices are too high in both restaurant and store .
great food , great value , great staff !
fantastic food , eat there frequently , very good service , my wife and i enjoy soyo evdrytime we go
good fridays location ! i had a great black bean burger here !
great pizza great selection really great people . love their pizza and all the choices
thank you lou malnati's-for coming to arizona and feeding us the best pizza ever ! ! ! #amazingpizza
great service they know what they are doing ! ! ! the prices are very good and the place is clean
hands down the best bbq i've ever had . i take day trips from chicago to go here .
food is amazing . table staff is awesome . but why is the bartender with short brown hair so angry ?
i enjoyer both their chicago style and their thin ... sauce is just the right spices .. good stuff
the food is delicious , unexpensive and fresh . i recommend it to anyone .
healthy and fresh food , nice staff , great quick lunch place , definitely worth trying out !
best noodles i've had in the madison area hands down . excellent texture and generous portions .
great craft beer , really good service . we didn't eat food but i would recommend to anyone
price's is a hole in the wall . takeout only . fried chicken is the best ever . worth the trip !
sno is awesome . i wish that there was a location in the west side by red rock canyon .
i recommend drinking the gravy , best soup on the menu ! ! got diarrhea after tho :(
food was amazing .. big portions . .. great service ... no waiting ... fist time at this location ..
i like them here ! they aren't extremely inviting when you come but that's ok ! they get the job done
best nails ever ! went with my partner and we enjoyed our mani / pedis .
a timely response , courteous service at a fair price . i highly recommend ! !
very couteous and helpful . delivered a very nice arrangement on time as promsied .
very convenient , clean , and friendly ! easy to book online too ! ask for kylie
came in here for an x-ray . they were very efficient and friendly .
crystal is the best ! they work wth my insurance and are fair and up front about everything they do !
its delicious . its loud . its funny . seems like the perfect entertaining japanese food experience !
the food was good and was authentic according to my limited knowledge . also , the staff is friendly .
if you own a cell phone and want to use it do not stay here . from ten steps in zippo signal .
great food and great service . very large portions though so don't be afraid to ask for a to-go box
thank you for the large amounts of food and friendly service ! perfect dinner spot , have to try it .
fast and reliable service . ask for carlos ! exchanged my audi num for the e-tron . love it ! !
see my review for burger's priest . same thing applies here .
the best food in town , fast delivery and a awesome relationship with customer ! ! i recommend
typical in-n-out but a bit slower than others i've been to .
very bad dim sum , used old oil for frying .
the burger is good . i had better but the frys are awesome ! ! ! cajun frys is must have ! ! !
great place to catch a game , and grab a bite . service here is good as well .
great , speedy service and delicious pizza ! love how happy employees always seem to be !
great mexican food ! fast friendly service . the cheese enchiladas were delicious .
i love it .. so nice staff nice hangout place
nice clean rooms , , , good place to gamble ...
this place is no longer there as of num / num . there's a new one on num street by the airport .
i love steele indian park , but the dog park is ghetto . ' nuff said .
the shrimp , grits w / scrambled egg is winning ! and the sweet tea carafe is southern treat !
awesome food and prices this place is good place to eat at and tomato soup is yummy and good
makes my gall bladder hurt ! too much grease and fried food !
awesome jerk chicken , great serving sizes , and friendly service . the wings are awesome too
great place to start off the night or end it , they got tons of parking great drink prices .
really solid asian fusion . they do a good job . everything i've ever ordered has been delicious .
really cool guy roman , great customer service . fairly detailed with his work and shows up on time .
better than flo's , pf chiang's or pe wei ! ! !
the guys in the gun department did an excellent job of making my husband and i feel invisible .
we love eating here the quality and variety is fantastic ! the mcallister club is my favorite !
awesome gym ! used to be num hour fitness , now la fitness . clean , organized . great staff ! !
an honest ed bazaar .
amazing food would definitely recommend . tacos and burritos are fire you can't go wrong here
sat at the bar and had great service . great beer selection and the burrata salad is really good .
the best happy hour in cleveland . reasonable price with good food , incredible taste .
think of a high class hooters with good food .
the location is convenient , wait time was minimal , and the service was very efficient and friendly .
i had their black sesame ice cream ... delicious ... i love black sesame ... so asian of me .
fabulous buffet of exotic treats , some very spicy , many veggie options ! incredible value .
i can't afford to shop here but it is a nice mall to strll around with breathtaking internal views .
great food , big portions . amazing atmosphere , a great place to bring a date . highly recommended .
our family just started going here . love the building and the stained glass !
need a car fixed ? these guys rock ! ! ! camero looks great ! ! ! sooo happy very professional
sorry this place was sad . they sold flavored popcorn . it is no longer in existence ! ! !
i hosted a surprise birthday party at postino annex , food , drink and service was excellent ! ! !
some things on the menu are great , others are really bad . it's hit or miss
great food & atmosphere ! ! ! will def be back soon .
great hotel for the price . i would definitely stay here again on my next trip . location is perfect .
abosultely love the pepperoni pizza and ceasar salad here .
double frozen hot chocolate - heaven , nuff said .
really nice place love it it feels like you are far away from downtown
this location had a chick barista who rocked ! she killed my drink ! i'll be back ! :)
i love royal jasmine . excellent food . my favorite is curry which is always fresh and hot .
we had the crab cakes , cauliflower curry soup , chicken , all excellent .
great local spot for lunch , with a broad menu and excellent breakfast-anytime choices .
omg we ate soooooo much ! it was yummy . defenately will be returning in the near future .
i wasnt impressed . the pasties were so so . not like they are in the u . p . service poor . :(
best sushi in az . hands down . the chefs are knowledgeable and care about their product and craft .
amazing chinese ! best i have actually ever had and good value for money !
was in and out in less than num mins . had seafood bisque and a cheeseburger . both were excellent .
good for saving money and staying in a safe place . breakfast , room were just ok .
good healthy options . staff is still trying to figure a few things out but overall we like it .
this place is great , every bartender is awesome and i always win here
this club is awesome ! went with a party tour and had a blast . probably my new favorite vegas club !
oh well , jo's is no more .
christina dank asf . hostess of the year . she definitely deserves a raise . give her a promotion .
it's is a good place is you like the originals that bk serves . the original chicken sandwich
best views and happy hour in cleveland . the lobster bisque and clam chowder are amazing !
amazing food ! a hidden gem in kent !
i am not fond of diced vegetables . asked her red sauce didn't get it . plenty if cheese , tho .
the best mushroom and cheese burger on the planet ! it is worth the trip .
the food tastes ok but the portions are small and pricey . i would give this place another try .
great and tasty jerk chicken , decent portion size .
gute lage , das essen ist passt mit der preis auch . mein liebling essen ist nummer num :)
delicious ! the pairing of whiskey and ramen definitely added a nice touch to your meal !
long wait . eeeems like the service is inexperienced with the simple tasks they are doing .
the prices were ridiculously marked up on the beer , wine , and liquor .
amazing crab paste soup , chicken wings , and rare beef plate
love the atmosphere . i've had better food / sushi
does anyone know where fawn went ? pink polish lost their best nail technician ! sad for them .
laid back atmosphere , great menu , and the service is decent .
the grilled pineapple is a delicious addition to the adobada taco !
honey garlic chicken could end a war if offered as a piece offering . seriously .. don't pass on it .
they make the food really sweet . their noodles is not very good but i think the curries are ok .
a diverse menu of cocktails . i went there twice during my one-week stay in montreal .
food was great , atmosphere contemporary eco-chic , comfortable . fun , and different .
stopped in for my weekly visit today ... " try the carmine ! " . yum !
very nice lunch food . carnitas are awesome and the white chocolate tamales are a nice finish .
this is the first time i get here . beautiful delication and good service . taste good .
i enjoy their pizza , hut i really enjoy their ruben hoagies .
great staff and extra large hd tvs to watch all the games with friends ! !
water , grass and trees ! wild life . great track : walk or run .
nice and clean mall with a lot of shops from high-end to dollar prices . great food court too !
expedited , hot & fresh , del taco quality food . what more do you ask of a fast food chain ?
awful food . my eggs benedict was served with over poached egg and covered with a slice of cheese .
great food , espcially the crab legs and stone crab bisque . service was excellent across the board .
good gelato in civic center plaza . a little pricey but tasty gelato .
if your looking for a bottom boy this is the place . lots of fem latino dudes here .
this place is really laid back . i'm so happy to be here today trying new food and places .
service was top notch : clean and friendly ! the vanilla in a waffle cone is a great choice !
the safest and nicest drivers i have ever had in las vegas ! they were on time each time as well .
yummy fresh food , free wifi , chill vibe , fun music . dog-friendly patio . what's not to love ?
really nice guys that answered my questions about my phone and didn't talk down to me . thanks !
great service and selection . danielle was terrific , took the time to help us find what we wanted
good food , cool atmosphere , outdoor seating and drink specials ! check it out ...
hot girls in school girl outfits ate the servers lol love it
cool spot . but yucky food . if you go for a drink and people watching your good but do not eat
good pizza but kind of expensive for what you get . other pizza places offer way better deals .
i paid $ num for two tickets and there are no seats . this is awful . it's a dinner cruise line .
love going to snooze on the weekends ! have the best breakfast burrito and breakfast tacos !
great home style filipino food ... come here twice a month ... :)
a really great prime ribeye here , worth every penny !
very good prices . excellent rotisserie chicken . salad bar is kind of meh , soup is always good .
small , sticky , hot , 2 tiny kiddy pools , over-priced num girls to 1 guy . not my thing at all .
owner is really cool remembered my name after num time coming in .. place has all nice new stuff !
food was good but portions are really small for the price . wine is overpriced . bring your wallet .
always friendly service . decent quality food .
ehh , it was alright . much better choices closer to the strip .
very good food and service . i will probably dine there once a week for a while now . great meals .
be prepared to wait even if it's num num pm .
the food was amazing especially steak and fish . wonderful place for official dinners .
omg ! they have some good fried ice cream . great service and great steak fajitas .
this company can't not get a package anywhere in a timely matter , my package is now 4 days late .
food is good but service is terrible . we waited num minutes and only got served water .
yum ! ! great food ! had my first date with my boy friend here and this pizza was so good !
favorite little korean bakery i love to go every week to stock up on some bread and sweets !
i've always had great service at this location . employees are as helpful as they can be .
bgreat food . tammy at the bar is great . you have to get the pearl bottle rockets .
love this place ! food is great and the space is beautiful !
michelle is the best ! she is reliable and gets back to me right away . i highly recommend her .
the food was amazing with a very affordable price . i'd be looking forward to eat there again ! num =)
this santan beer is excellent .
always clean , never crowded . i can see my car outside and the machines actually work !
brought our baseball team down for lunch between game . it was a home run with the kids and parents .
great location , close to asu . staff is friendly and helpful .
amazing food and i love the college vibe . it's never changed and the food never fails .
the chef has changed and the food has gone down hill and the prices are more expensive ! too bad ! !
soft shell crab sandwich and cheddar bacon fries !
awesome place to go hit balls . everything looks great and taken care of . prices are good .
awesome food and services . recommend sausage and mash !
very knowledgeable staffs . the ( mens ) washroom is super clean ! i can still smell the paint .
great service from a salesman dave and they delivered as promised !
love it here ! the vibe is always great ! the sake + rock shrimp w eel sauce is my go to !
cool place . food was good . nice atmosphere .
negative one star do not spend your money there poor management and they are super rude .
good steaks and attentive service .
great chips and salsa , delicious generous portions , and very nice staff .
we were served promptly . my blue moon was properly garnished . there's a nice lounge area .
wow ! i have passed this place daily for two years and finally tried it . so fresh and delusions !
frittelle di prosciuttio , delicious . bucatini all'amatriciana , delicious !
best hookah place around and they don't overcharge you ! that's a surprise in vegas ! ! !
veryy in style . love it here . lil pricey on the drinks . but first fridays ate alwyas poppping
so fun and so yummy ! we had a blast with our big group and the food was fantastic .
adorable diner style restaurant ! ! ! friendly staff and quick service ! donuts are amazing !
$ num each ... try the signature hop scotch , vanilla dipped in butterscotch ganache ...
really had a terrific shiatsu massage from john . feeling back in balance and energized .
this mall is awesome . they so many stores and restaurants . it's a must stop at when in phoenix .
edit : mein beitrag war schon ziemlich alt .
best indian food in phoenix / scottsdale
good food , even better service . highly recommended for a taste of the us , in the montreal area .
amazing , great , tons of food for a awesome price !
donuts are super unique and if you bring them to your office everyone will love you !
my favorite go to spot . when the question is " where should we go " the answer is " double helix "
love this place ! food is fresh , staff is friendly and its always easy to get a table .
really nice family place that the kids really love .
meh ... used to be good but long in the tooth now and obvious in food quality is not doing well .
fast too ! thanks .
i had the chicken benedict .. awesome ! but share with someone unless you are super hungry ..
my fave the best in the business . num , num . unique cool flavors . nice staff , thanks ! !
top modern . tolle zimmer . eines der besten business hotels .
oh . my . god . so . good .
simply so good . service is wonderful . clean place . just perfect for a quick bite to eat .
great store , i do all of my grocery shopping here . the employees are nice and extremely helpful .
big portion and sizes .
bester kaffee und beste vielfalt in ganz stuttgart !
excellent food with friendly service ! what more can you ask for ?
service was slow but amiable . bad tasting rice , uneven cuts , limited selection , go somewhere else .
i just love costco ! ! ! hope one day i will work for this company ! ! the food court ! ! yammy ! !
super reasonable price . home made thai food . spicy , you will love this experience , byob
i get a double double every time i go to the west . i highly recommend it with grilled onions !
they always have great coupons if you sign up for their mailing list .
triple t fries is the bomb ! ! ! great booze ! great bar food . can't wait to go back in vegas !
great place with friendly crowd and staff . very spacious and clean . i like l .
good gaming , great food , love pork chops & eggs and the pork osso bucco . nice to see jc back !
love this place ! ! ! the food is great and the servers are awesome . :) the caesar salad is yummy .
great bike shop . gives that warm & fuzzy feel .
pleasant atmosphere , delicious food , great service . you can also find gf options on the menu . num !
great food and awesome ambience . quite the hidden jewel from the bulk crowded spots in scottsdale .
great polish boys and great wings ! ... love the sauce !
love their chicken & potatoes ! ! ! i can eat it anyday ! the service is fast and friendly . good eats !
pretty nice spot ! a lil snug for me in means of space .
one of the better dive bars in the city with a diverse crowd ... must see ...
poor ass service . food is sub par . won't be coming back . girls trying to be pretty ... please !
food was great and the servers were very nice . i recommend this place to my friends and family .
never been to a real pub that didn't have budweiser . suck it ramsay .
gets a bit crowded but well worth it
great lunch buffet . place had no ventilation whatsoever but will definitely be back for the food .
great food and service if you would like to try balkan food this is the place in vegas ! !
great staff , great vibe , lots of unique choices on the menu . definitely plan on coming back .
one of my favorite places to go for fun , with or without kids . great food , fast friendly service .
not worth the money ... pre cut prime rib ?
been in drive thru lane for over a half hour . only 3 cars . must be making steaks ! ! !
the owner likes to post fake reviews of businesses who dont share his political views !
great food , small portions .
like the new location , tons more space than the old place . great selection of cigars .
laid back . love it ! great drinks and not mobbed if you go early during the week .
great lunch specials ! service is a tad slow , but a nice experience !
best burger place in town ! friendly staff and fantastic food . big fan of the maple bacon milkshake !
attorney joseph reiff is excellent , reliable , attentive to your needs and confident . thank you
did not enjoy our meal . service slow . food too salty and swimming in oil . serice was ok .
best bbq at great prices and awesome customer service . everyone should give it a try .
the best chinese food near kent . orange chicken is my favorite ! ! must order ! !
this place is always great to stay at never had a complaint about it . staff is helpful and kind
very professional , nice facilities . i'm excited to get started on my tmj treatment .
great fresh food with wonderful service . delicious chips and salsas to begin our meal too !
joel is great with cut and color , the salon is very nice . check it out !
great food . great prices . definately need to get the carnitas torta .
just bought black ops 2 . staff is friendly , and not pushy about selling extras .
don't bother ... and make sure you don't go there at night .
my husband and i enjoyed our " high tea " vary much . the food was great and the tea was tasty !
wide selection of antojitos and food . the staff is also quite friendly and knowledgable .
so much yummy food ! ! wait is very long , but worth it ~ their most popular the gangnam style .
i took my ipod for repair and found them very honest and professional . i was very impressed .
the drive thru people act like they are on the beavis and butthead show .
this is a great concept however the sauces were bland for being a new mexican cuisine .
amazing food . seafood congee crave acomplished . new locaton . center point . enplug is awsome
kinda cool atmosphere , food is ok , staff ok . an ok place for a quick drink and bite to eat .
fabulous treasure trove . well worth a visit . they have something for everyone .
no french food here but the mexican food was great ! hubby went for a second serving of menudo !
food was pretty good . service is outstanding . love this place . will definitely come back .
great place . cool beers on tap , great atmosphere and always good service . couldn't ask for more !
good drinks , chill atmosphere , and great beats ( the dj that night ) .
awesome place . fresh fish and very helpful staff .
amazing food and great decore . friendly staff , would highly recommend the restaurant .
the stay well rooms are only worth it if you take advantage of the spa , gym , or sauna
eat at the new proper pig today and had to change my rating based on local comparisons
great clean place and can be trusted ! even have us reminders for our pets free booster shots !
came with a large party . great service , wonderful venue . will be back ! loved the shaken beef .
first time at the parlor and loved it . dominique is amazing . thank you for the awesome color .
discussing ! need i say more ... i am blown away at how bad the equipment is ! it's so dirty , too
as good as it gets for slow carb . love the barbacoa burrito bowl !
great food , very nice atmosphere , wonderful evening !
close to the house . prompt service for my oils changes . good price . i'll keep coming back .
one of the kind eastern european place . nice music great food . nothing to say bad about it .
the food and service are always excellent . and the price is great . the spicy pork is a must have !
we've been here a few times . best szechuanese food in town !
the best sushi buffet anywhere ! get there early or wait in line . stay late . enjoy ! great place .
was dead bored and fell asleep . zzzzzzzzzzzzzz .
the massage was great the facial was very nice i got the deal on groupon and highly recommend it
has 1 tv screen . full bar n trees with no leaves
awesome place . found a great wall ornament and friendly staff makes it worth the drive .
awesome selection ! owner helped find the perfect gifts .
$ num root beers , bomb ass tasty fish n chips ! $ num !
wonderful staff ! very short and simple registration process ; storage units are nice and clean !
the floor mats fit perfectly and i saved on shipping by picking them up myself .
expensive but oh so delicious sushi ! have been multiple times and well worth the price .
this is a huge target with a full grocery store . what more can you ask for !
great place to grab a latte and chill .
worst customer service ever . won't be coming back . the owners wife gave so much attitude .
way better than subway or blimpe . best meatball sub i've ever had . affordable too
great margaritas ! spinach enchiladas are the best ! salsa is really tasty !
believe the hype , and do it right-get the freshly made waffle cone .
food was great and the view was beautiful .. service was very slow but the waitress was nice .
awesome ! first time for lunch ! $ num fed two . fresh , simple clean done right . will be back !
very nice establishment ! great energy , eclectic , amazing drinks , welcoming staff members !
unclean bathrooms , slow service . i wouldn't recommend coming to this location .
wow ! ! ! this coffee is good ! ! thanks yelp for finding this place for my wife and i !
good authentic good and friendly staff . and they have a library of books in spanish . excellent .
great food , nice portion sizes and friendly staff . i would definitely recommend this place .
super good comfort food with a moody laid back atmosphere . many vegetarian options ! ! :)
all 3 of us agreed that this was the best asian meal we've had in a long time . highly recommended
amazing dinner at nancettas tonight ! my favorite ... the yellow beet salad . ( see photo ! )
went a second time , wasn't half as good as the first . to bad the consistency was not better .
my cousin's wedding was literally under num mins . 5 stars .
fantastic corned beef hash and bacon . i loved it , sit on the patio for some great people watching !
awesome bargains and prices ! i have found a new shopping spot without having to feel guilty .
sehr lecker , top service , sehr zuvorkommend .
basically a hyped up store frozen pizza prepared cafateria style .
super quality and service . first class performance and fairly priced . loved these guys !
boom . this place is awesome if you are looking for a huge heart clogging sandwhich . yummmmm
great first experience . wanted to compare to grandma's frybread and wasn't let down . tasty !
there are a good selection of places to eat . nice lobby
great fresh pasta and salad and reasonable prices . friendly staff . will be back often .
great sushi for a great price . friendly staff too . also i love the laid back atmosphere .
very good and service . portions were the right size . a great place for a causal date night .
there are a lot of people waiting every time i pass by , their food is great , i like it .
#best chocolate chip cookies ... plus ice cream is so yummy ... a must try for #foodies in #las vegas
excellent service in a very good location . lot's of good dinning options in the area .
don help me change my coil over shocks and only charge me num bucks really helped me out
this place is perfect for brunch . go there . enjoy it . hit up the market when you're done .
best orange natural juice ever place is cute clean and burrito carne asada is really good love it
sundays , get there before num
worst customer service in town . sales staff are uneducated in their product .
decent food and service , not the best sushi , but not the worst either .
good honest food and lots of it , efficient effective staff , and attentive management .
jake's been taking care of our cars for almost num years . he's very trustworthy and fair .
thursdays and fridays are men's nights ... $ num cuts by a friendly and great lookin ' ;) staff
really fancy place . the food was well prepared . they made sure our water was always filled .
terrific beer , great food ... go on a nice day and use the patio ...
food is ok but the services is bad ! ! get my order wrong both time when i went there .
delicious food and great service . its a bit pricey but its all you can eat for thirty five dollars .
what a neat little shop . enjoyed the french remix radio . how much is that goat in the window ?
great service from jamie i enjoyed the yogurt too . right by the light rail and convenient .
can't say anything spectacular about this place . it's just an ok sandwich joint .
stumbled upon this place for lunch . lucky me .
i always found the cod to be greasy . good but greasy . maybe i should try something else ?
excellent customer service ! all the staff are very patient and professional to give advice .
place is great ! service was outstanding ! bakery items we tried were great .
can't go wrong with the shrimp tempura and onion rings . the teriyaki chicken plate was also good !
staff is very warm and courteous and delicious food
the cheese steak with sauce & onions is almost as good as the chicken salad ; which rocks !
funny looking building , awesome tasting food . great food , cheap prices , and lots and lots of food .
bottomless sangria and mimosa brunch . enough said . ... good food too .
we did the happy hour thing . had the lettuce wrap and some fish wrap . meh . mediocre at best .
the wings are big - and there are about 2 dozen sauces to pick from ! the salad was good too !
fun place to hang just a little further down fremont street . good vibe , friendly bartenders .
this sandwich shop rocks . they are a chain but consistently good no matter which one you go to .
mike did an amazing job ! very professional and friendly . our windows and screens look amazing !
decent food at a fairly reasonable pricess ( for vegas ) . server was friendly and helpful
fresh made to order salad or rice bowl with lots tasty things to choose from .
i've only been here twice but have never walked away unsatisfied with my hair ! i highly recommend !
disgusting . the food was so rich that i was sick all night . for gluttons only .
smart pest does a great job taking care of their customers , we are very greatful for them .
great food are really good service . the smell alone is enough to make your mouth water .
the company was much better than the food . china panda could give them a run for thier money .
academy did an excellent job , i never felt lost or like i had any question that wasn't answered .
excellent hardware store ... top notch plumbing section ... very knowledgeable
awesome brunch with a bloody mary bar ( the best i've ever seen ) . also , great deserts and cocktails .
so different . portions were generous and wait staff was extremely pleasant and attentive .
felicia is friendly , thorough and fast . great wax , very reasonably priced . highly recommended !
yummy ! ! food is inexpensive and quick !
good steak and very friendly nice staff ! the veggie sides are super fresh and taste great
atmosphere is awesome and i had the taro boba slush and it was super good ! ! love the new location
they were great when we visited montreal ; raphael gave us good advice .
side dishes and bulgogi are delish . must try if your around las vegas and craving for bbq !
great food - love the meatball hoagie , pizza , and calzones ! great ownership !
the brew selection and burgers are bangin ' . ya gotta hit this spot when ya visit the lv .
after eating holy chuck this spot has just an average burger with good service ...
i really like this hotel ! service was good and the balcony view from the num floor was amazing !
one word . bomb . its a must try when your in town . for lunch / dinner
i loved the meal here . it was nice having an american-style breakfast after such a long time .
tofu tacos to die for ! ! wish they had one in hilton head .
it's yet another dollar tree with loads of knick nacks and crafts for dirt cheap .
thanks dave , you did a great job removing all the dents in my subaru ! it looks new again . - tom k
amazing food ! came here for valentine's day lunch with my girlfriend and the food was excellent !
closest i have had to the real thing . excellent ! love the pastor but all were good .
had a hot dog and a beef and tasted exactly as i remember from back in chicago .
beautiful restaurant ; food is good so was service however the crowd is num + especially at the bar .
yippee sweet tomatoes is back ! the best family friendly restaurant around ! ! !
ample parking . great place to feel out of the desert , water and ducks are so peaceful
great food great service and the best humous i've had . i also enjoy their chicken salad
steak and chicken were dry ( overcooked ) . other than that the food was tasty and plentiful .
love love love pizzazz ! ! ! always a great choice . never a bad experience . always great service ! ! !
over priced asian food with ok service , it's vegas . small sushi rolls . nice ambience and servers .
over priced hood chinese food . they don't got the fried chicken and fries in a box tho .
i really like this place , its clean and the food and drinks are fresh a def stop when in vegas
food was great and ken the waiter was very knowledgeable and courteous . a nice evening .
rude and arrogant . no word for appology .
best in whitby . large portions and good value .
great pad thai . food is very good and will satisfy the authentic thai food you crave .
my place looked and smelled great !
don't gamble here . it's like your a little kid at a carnival and all the games are rigged .
been here about twice . its nice and all been cops start giving you shit like always .
must try sashimi don ( hwae dup bap ) there ! the best in the city !
the pizza was great . the veil parm was awesome .
great for late night . great burgers . really hit the spot . open late . good fries too .
affordable , good food and decent margaritas with a great vibe .
ray is a really nice guy ! he gave me a great deal on my new flooring . i would use him again
excellent ! delicious flavors including no sugar added options ! great toppings !
best pizzeria in brampton ! the closest to a real italian oven baked pizza you can get .
this place is outstanding , and i'm still on the first floor ! ! ! try the cajun chicken pasta ! ! !
nice vegetarian restaurant . chola bhatura is my fav . also faluda ! !
great food and staff and a real plessure to have on our doorstep
if you gona eat mexican food on the strip . eat at diablos at monte carlo . more reasonable
excellent coffee & great food . modern but comfortable interior . can't wait to go back .
huge space with a ton of tvs ! very cool atmosphere and fun spot to go after work for drinks
the food was delicious , the service was great and the all day drink specials are phenomenal !
good food . really friendly staff . well recommended .
fantastic food . amazing flavors . buffet was well set up and large range of meal options to try .
dude was a smoker , so that was gross to smell
hal is awesome and does a great job in taking care of my pool !
great service and yummilicious ice cream ! ! ! 5 stars in my book
great bartenders . fun menu . nice happy hour . quick , courteous service .
best service ever ! the go to source for rides . taxi is so outdated of a term . replaced by uber !
i loved coming here on wednesdays . techno music is on fire ! ! !
there is nothing not to love about this place . real informal , wonderful food & great prices !
perfect dive with a great story . it's a good way to escape the crowded bar scene in vegas .
meant much for big events , not a great dinner spot
staff horrible and like to rush you out . very stuck up and clickish .
pho broth was so fragrant and tasty . egg rolls were delicious . will definitely be back !
this place is bomb ! ! i love this fresh fish & love this kitchen food i will go here again for sure ! ^ ^
had a great experience at party usa ! leah and liz were so helpful with all we needed ! !
awesome local joint in etobicoke ! the service is always solid , and the food is delicious !
thank you . lyne for the great service ! ! very helpful , got our group all set up and looking sharp !
whats the difference between abode air and bernard madoff ? none , they are both scammers .
i got the combination pho . super flavorful . will definitely be back and will tell my friends .
great find on yelp ! i suggest you bookmark this one for you next trip to the strip .
crab cakes and jambalaya and sweet potato pecan pie ! first place we come to in las vegas .
unfortunately the pizza ( margarita pizza w / sausage ) was terrible . it was uncooked and soggy .
great place to get signs , the owner is a funny guy .
standard generic north american breakfast . pricey but what do you really expect .
great mexican food . very inexpensive and didn't have to wait long ! will definitely be back !
good place to see a show , concessions are way over priced .
elise is the best ! ! ! she is excellent at her job and makes waxing practically pain-free .
everything was right and they were friendly . i'd go back . love their cherry limeaides .
decent food , good drinks , and good service . nice atmosphere for a late night snack and drink
the place get's better with age . food is still pretty good and they a good job on the bathrooms .
maybe it was because i visited this place for the first time on a tuesday . i wasn't a big fan .
great atmosphere , wine , oysters , wifi , and friendly service . whighams is always a treat !
third time seeing frankie moreno ! highly recommend this show . very talented and entertaining !
i love james & jenny ! ! ! best bartenders ever ! ! ! treat me like a prize winning pony ! ! ! yay ! ! !
very clean and kept up . as all laundry places it is best to get there early in the morning .
